null	0	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
a	930	false	Property - Wikipedia
abandon	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
abandoned	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
abbas	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
abbasid	2	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
abbreviated	2	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
abbreviation	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
abidjan	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
ability	2	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
able	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
abolished	3	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
abolitionist	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
about	26	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
above	10	false	Tax - Wikipedia
abroad	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
absolute	4	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
absorb	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
absorbed	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
abstinence	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
abuja	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
abundance	2	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
abundant	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
abuse	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
abused	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
abusive	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
academic	3	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
academy	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
accenting	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
accept	8	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
acceptable	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
acceptance	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
accepted	9	false	Bank - Wikipedia
accepts	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
access	5	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
accomplished	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
accomplishments	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
accord	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
accordance	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
according	8	false	Bank - Wikipedia
accords	1	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
account	12	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
accountable	1	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
accounted	2	false	Euro - Wikipedia
accounting	4	false	Money - Wikipedia
accounts	8	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
accra	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
accrued	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
accumulated	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
accused	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
achaemenid	8	false	Elam - Wikipedia
achaemenids	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
achieve	2	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
achieved	3	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
achievement	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
achievements	3	false	Elam - Wikipedia
acid	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
acknowledged	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
acorn	1	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
acquire	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
acquired	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
acquitted	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
acres	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
acrobat	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
acropolis	4	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
across	8	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
act	48	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
acting	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
action	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
actions	8	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
active	6	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
activism	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
activities	5	false	Economy - Wikipedia
activity	3	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
actors	2	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
acts	27	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
actually	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
ad	19	false	Barter - Wikipedia
adam	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
adams	3	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
adapt	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
added	3	false	Bank - Wikipedia
addition	5	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
additional	5	false	Euro - Wikipedia
additionally	2	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
addressed	2	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
ade	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
adiabene	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
adjacent	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
adjusted	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
administering	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
administration	8	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
administrative	4	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
administrators	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
admired	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
adopted	11	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
ads	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
adult	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
advance	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
advanced	4	false	History of China - Wikipedia
advancement	1	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
advances	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
advantage	5	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
advice	2	false	Currency - Wikipedia
advised	1	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
advises	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
advocate	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
advocated	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
aegean	11	false	Coin - Wikipedia
aegina	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
aeolian	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
aerial	3	false	Copper - Wikipedia
aes	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
affairs	3	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
affected	3	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
affirmed	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
affordable	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
afforded	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
afield	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
africa	25	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
african	8	false	New World - Wikipedia
afro	1	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
after	39	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
aftermath	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
afterwards	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
aga	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
again	2	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
against	14	false	Coin - Wikipedia
agathocles	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
age	43	false	George III - Wikipedia
aged	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
agencies	2	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
agency	4	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
agent	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
agents	2	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
ages	11	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
aggression	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
agios	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
agrarian	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
agree	3	false	Tax - Wikipedia
agreed	2	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
agreeing	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
agreement	5	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
agreements	4	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
agricultural	4	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
agriculture	3	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
ahmed	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
ahmose	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
ahom	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
ai	4	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
aid	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
aided	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
aids	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
aimed	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
aims	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
air	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
airport	7	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
ak	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
akanthos	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
akkad	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
akkadian	3	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
akkadians	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
akriaewais	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
akrotiri	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
al	5	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
alan	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
alarm	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
alatamti	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
albani	1	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
albania	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
albany	28	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
albeit	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
albert	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
alcluith	1	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
alcohol	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
alexander	10	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
algonquian	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
algorithm	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
alice	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
align	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
aligned	2	false	Government - Wikipedia
all	38	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
alleged	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
allegiance	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
allei	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
alleviating	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
alley	2	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
allied	1	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
allocate	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
allocation	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
allow	8	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
allowance	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
allowances	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
allowed	3	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
allowing	4	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
allows	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
alloy	4	false	Copper - Wikipedia
alloyed	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
alloying	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
alloys	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
ally	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
almanack	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
almoravid	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
almost	5	false	Boston - Wikipedia
alone	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
along	12	false	Coin - Wikipedia
alongside	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
already	6	false	George III - Wikipedia
also	77	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
altar	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
alter	2	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
alternative	3	false	Property - Wikipedia
alternatively	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
although	10	false	Crete - Wikipedia
altitude	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
always	14	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
ambassador	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
amending	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
amendment	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
amendments	3	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
amenemhat	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
america	17	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
american	75	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
americans	7	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
americas	6	false	New World - Wikipedia
amerigo	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
amid	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
among	16	false	Tax - Wikipedia
amount	8	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
amounted	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
amounts	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
amsterdam	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
amtrak	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
an	136	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
analogous	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
anantavarman	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
anarcho	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
anatolia	14	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
anatolian	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
ancestors	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
anchored	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
anchors	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
ancien	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
ancient	30	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
and	1209	false	Crete - Wikipedia
andalusian	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
andrew	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
angeles	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
angevin	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
anhalt	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
anim	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
animals	4	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
anka	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
anna	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
annexation	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
annexed	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
anniversary	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
annual	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
anode	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
anodes	3	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
another	10	false	Elam - Wikipedia
anshan	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
antarctica	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
anthropologists	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
anthropology	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
anti	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
antialcidas	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
anticipated	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
anticipation	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
anticounterfeiting	4	false	Coin - Wikipedia
antiochus	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
antiquities	4	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
antiquity	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
any	43	false	New York City - Wikipedia
anyone	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
anything	3	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
anywhere	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
apparent	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
appear	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
appearance	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
appeared	4	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
appearing	4	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
appears	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
appetizer	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
applicable	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
applied	4	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
applies	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
apply	2	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
appointed	4	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
appointment	1	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
appoints	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
appreciated	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
appreciation	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
approaching	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
approved	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
approx	12	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
approximate	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
approximately	6	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
april	8	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
aquitaine	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
ar	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
arab	6	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
arabia	1	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
arabic	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
arabs	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
aradaina	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
arak	2	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
aramaic	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
archaeological	11	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
archaeologists	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
archaic	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
arched	3	false	Crete - Wikipedia
archeological	2	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
archimedes	4	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
archipelago	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
architectur	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
architectural	3	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
architecture	11	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
ardashir	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
are	158	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
area	38	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
areas	7	false	Boston - Wikipedia
arena	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
argent	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
argolis	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
argos	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
argue	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
argued	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
arguing	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
arise	2	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
arisen	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
aristocracy	3	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
arm	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
armed	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
armeni	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
armies	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
arms	19	false	History of China - Wikipedia
army	11	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
arose	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
around	29	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
array	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
arrested	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
arrives	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
arriving	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
arrow	2	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
arsenic	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
art	20	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
arthur	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
article	3	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
articles	11	false	History of China - Wikipedia
articulated	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
artificial	2	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
artisans	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
artistic	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
arts	3	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
as	435	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
ascension	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
ascribed	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
asia	21	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
asian	3	false	Government - Wikipedia
aspect	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
aspects	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
aspendos	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
assemblies	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
assent	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
assert	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
assertion	1	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
assertions	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
assertively	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
assess	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
assessment	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
asset	7	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
assets	3	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
assiduity	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
assigned	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
assistance	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
assists	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
associated	10	false	Government - Wikipedia
associative	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
assortment	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
assumed	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
assuming	3	false	Coin - Wikipedia
assured	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
assuring	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
assyria	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
assyrian	5	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
assyrians	3	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
astronomy	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
at	110	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
athens	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
atlantic	6	false	Copper - Wikipedia
atomic	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
atreu	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
atreus	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
atrium	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
attachment	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
attack	3	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
attacked	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
attacking	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
attacks	6	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
attempt	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
attempted	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
attempting	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
attempts	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
attendance	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
attending	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
attention	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
attested	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
attorney	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
attract	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
attracted	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
attractions	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
attracts	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
attributed	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
attributes	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
august	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
augusta	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
aurei	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
aureus	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
australia	1	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
australian	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
australis	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
authored	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
authorised	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
authoritarian	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
authorities	6	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
authority	17	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
authorized	4	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
authorizing	2	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
authors	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
automatically	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
autonomy	4	false	Boston - Wikipedia
autumn	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
available	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
avaris	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
average	3	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
averaged	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
avoid	6	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
avoids	1	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
awareness	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
away	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
awl	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
awls	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
ayscough	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
azk	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
azure	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
azurite	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
b	17	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
ba	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
baby	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
babylon	9	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
babylonians	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
back	6	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
backed	5	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
background	7	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
backing	15	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
backs	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
bacteriostatic	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
bactria	2	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
badge	4	false	George III - Wikipedia
bags	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
bah	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
bahrain	19	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
bahraini	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
bai	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
bailey	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
bailment	12	false	Elam - Wikipedia
balakot	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
balance	3	false	Money - Wikipedia
balances	2	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
balkans	3	false	Boston - Wikipedia
ballgame	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
baltimore	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
bamako	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
banca	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
band	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
bangles	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
bani	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
banjul	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
bank	77	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
banker	12	false	Bank - Wikipedia
banking	6	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
banknote	12	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
banknotes	79	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
banks	34	false	George III - Wikipedia
banned	3	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
banner	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
bar	3	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
barely	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
baretor	1	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
bargaining	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
barge	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
barley	4	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
baroda	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
barrow	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
bars	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
barter	13	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
bartering	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
bas	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
base	7	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
based	15	false	Bank - Wikipedia
basel	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
bases	2	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
basic	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
basin	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
basins	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
basis	8	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
basket	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
basketball	2	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
basque	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
battle	7	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
battleground	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
bay	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
bc	120	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
bce	21	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
be	104	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
bead	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
beads	3	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
beans	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
beard	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
bearer	4	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
bearing	2	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
became	34	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
because	24	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
become	5	false	Barter - Wikipedia
becomes	3	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
becoming	6	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
been	80	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
beer	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
before	17	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
began	14	false	History of China - Wikipedia
begin	2	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
beginning	4	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
beginnings	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
begs	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
behalf	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
behavior	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
behaviour	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
behind	4	false	George III - Wikipedia
behinds	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
beige	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
beij	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
beijing	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
being	11	false	Coin - Wikipedia
bel	2	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
belief	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
beliefs	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
believed	6	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
bell	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
belong	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
belonged	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
belonging	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
belongs	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
below	3	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
belts	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
beneficial	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
benefit	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
benefited	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
benefits	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
bengal	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
benin	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
benjamin	3	false	Coin - Wikipedia
bent	2	false	Bank - Wikipedia
berenberg	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
berenbergs	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
berlin	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
beside	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
besides	1	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
best	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
bethlehem	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
better	5	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
between	59	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
beyond	3	false	Coin - Wikipedia
bhir	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
bhoja	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
bicameral	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
bicorne	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
bifocals	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
bilateral	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
bilingual	4	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
bill	7	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
billion	11	false	New York City - Wikipedia
billionaires	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
bills	3	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
bimetallic	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
binding	4	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
biodiversity	3	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
biomes	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
biosphere	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
biotechnology	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
bipolar	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
bird	3	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
birds	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
birthplace	2	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
bishops	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
bissau	3	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
bitcoin	15	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
biting	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
bituminous	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
black	9	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
blackmail	3	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
blessing	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
blister	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
block	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
blockaded	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
blockchain	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
blood	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
blue	12	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
bo	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
boar	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
board	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
boarded	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
boards	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
boat	2	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
boats	2	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
bodies	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
body	10	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
bohemia	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
bolivia	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
bone	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
bones	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
book	2	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
books	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
boots	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
borandukht	2	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
border	4	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
borders	1	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
boris	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
born	4	false	New York City - Wikipedia
boroughs	3	false	Boston - Wikipedia
boston	41	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
bostonians	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
both	18	false	Coin - Wikipedia
bottom	7	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
bound	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
boundaries	6	false	Crete - Wikipedia
bounds	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
bourbon	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
bow	3	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
box	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
boycotts	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
boys	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
bracelet	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
brackets	1	false	Committees of correspondence - Wikipedia
brainchild	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
branch	2	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
branches	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
branding	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
braunlage	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
bre	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
breaches	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
bread	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
break	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
breaking	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
breakthrough	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
breeches	3	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
bretton	6	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
bribes	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
brick	13	false	New York City - Wikipedia
bridg	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
bridge	6	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
brief	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
briefly	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
bright	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
brightly	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
bring	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
brings	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
briquetted	12	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
britain	36	false	George III - Wikipedia
british	94	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
brittany	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
broad	6	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
broader	2	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
broadest	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
broadly	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
broadway	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
brocken	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
bronx	3	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
bronze	38	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
bronzes	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
brooklyn	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
brother	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
brought	8	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
brown	3	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
brunei	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
brunswick	2	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
btc	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
bu	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
bubble	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
buck	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
buckled	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
buddhism	4	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
budget	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
buff	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
buffalo	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
build	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
building	21	false	Copper - Wikipedia
buildings	10	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
built	12	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
bulgaria	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
bulging	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
bulk	5	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
bull	5	false	Coin - Wikipedia
bullion	11	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
bundesbank	4	false	Property - Wikipedia
bundle	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
bunker	1	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
buoyant	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
burden	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
bureau	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
bureaucracy	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
bureaucratization	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
burgundy	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
burials	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
burkina	2	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
burning	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
bushes	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
busiest	6	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
business	19	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
businesses	6	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
bust	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
but	74	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
buy	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
buyers	1	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
buying	2	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
by	329	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
bypass	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
byzantine	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
byzantines	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
c	73	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
cabinet	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
cache	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
cad	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
cadet	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
cairo	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
calculate	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
calcutta	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
calendar	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
calendars	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
caliphate	3	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
caliphates	1	false	Currency in circulation - Wikipedia
call	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
called	28	false	History of China - Wikipedia
calligraphy	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
calling	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
cambridge	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
came	7	false	History of China - Wikipedia
campaign	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
campaigning	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
campaigns	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
campu	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
can	39	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
canaan	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
canada	6	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
canadian	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
canal	2	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
candy	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
cannatello	1	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
cannot	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
cap	4	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
capabilities	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
capacity	3	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
cape	3	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
capet	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
capetian	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
capetians	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
capital	35	false	Tax - Wikipedia
capitalists	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
capitalization	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
capitals	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
capitol	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
capt	4	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
captain	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
capture	3	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
captured	4	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
capturing	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
car	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
caral	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
carats	1	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
card	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
cards	5	false	New York City - Wikipedia
care	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
career	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
cargo	1	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
caribbean	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
carlisle	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
carnelian	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
carolina	3	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
carolingian	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
carpenters	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
carried	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
carry	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
carrying	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
cars	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
carte	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
carthage	8	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
carved	4	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
carving	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
carvings	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
case	7	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
cases	5	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
cash	7	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
cashier	4	false	Money - Wikipedia
cashless	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
casket	4	false	Copper - Wikipedia
cast	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
casting	3	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
castl	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
castle	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
catalonia	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
categories	1	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
categorised	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
cathedr	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
catholic	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
caucasus	3	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
causal	2	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
cause	4	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
caused	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
causeway	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
caves	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
cbdc	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
ce	9	false	Harz - Wikipedia
celtic	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
celtics	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
cemetery	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
census	3	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
censuses	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
cent	3	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
center	29	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
centered	6	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
centers	5	false	New York City - Wikipedia
central	41	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
centralised	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
centralized	3	false	Crete - Wikipedia
centre	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
centres	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
cents	3	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
centuri	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
centuries	13	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
century	70	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
cereal	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
certain	11	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
ch	1	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
chairs	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
chalcolithic	3	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
challenge	4	false	Coin - Wikipedia
chaman	2	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
chamber	2	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
chancellor	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
chandragupta	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
chang	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
change	7	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
changed	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
changes	6	false	Crete - Wikipedia
chania	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
channel	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
chapters	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
character	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
characterised	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
characteristic	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
characteristics	2	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
characterized	4	false	Tax - Wikipedia
charge	3	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
charged	3	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
chariot	3	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
charitable	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
charles	9	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
charleston	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
charlotte	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
chartered	4	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
charting	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
chattel	4	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
chaulukya	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
chavda	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
cheaper	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
checking	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
cheese	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
chemical	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
cheques	6	false	Elam - Wikipedia
chevron	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
chf	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
chiang	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
chief	5	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
child	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
children	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
chin	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
china	34	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
chinese	33	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
chodaganga	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
chola	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
chosen	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
christ	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
christian	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
chronicle	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
chronology	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
church	5	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
cigarettes	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
circa	9	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
circle	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
circular	4	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
circulated	3	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
circulating	7	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
circulation	21	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
citadel	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
citation	9	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
cities	11	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
citizens	2	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
city	141	false	History of China - Wikipedia
citywall	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
civic	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
civil	6	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
civilians	4	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
civilisation	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
civilization	31	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
civilizations	7	false	History of China - Wikipedia
claim	6	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
claimed	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
clan	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
clarification	2	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
class	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
classic	6	false	George III - Wikipedia
classical	7	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
classification	2	false	Currency - Wikipedia
classify	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
classifying	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
clay	4	false	George III - Wikipedia
clean	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
clear	1	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
clearance	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
clearly	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
cleopatra	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
clerical	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
climate	3	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
climates	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
climatic	1	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
climatically	2	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
clip	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
clipping	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
cloak	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
clock	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
clodius	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
closest	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
closing	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
clubs	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
cm	15	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
cny	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
coalesced	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
coalition	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
coast	6	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
coastal	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
coastline	1	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
coasts	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
coat	19	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
cocoa	3	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
code	9	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
codex	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
codified	3	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
coercion	2	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
coercive	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
coextensive	3	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
coffee	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
cogens	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
coin	105	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
coinage	13	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
coincidence	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
coined	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
coins	88	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
coll	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
collagen	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
collapse	16	true	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
collapsed	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
collar	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
collateral	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
collected	5	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
collecting	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
collection	6	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
collections	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
collective	3	false	Tax - Wikipedia
collectively	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
collector	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
collectors	7	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
college	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
colleges	3	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
colloquially	1	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
colonial	33	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
colonialism	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
colonie	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
colonies	58	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
colonised	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
colonists	19	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
colony	3	false	Copper - Wikipedia
color	4	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
colored	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
colorful	2	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
colors	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
columns	3	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
combatants	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
combating	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
combination	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
combined	7	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
combs	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
come	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
comes	3	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
coming	2	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
command	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
commander	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
commemorative	4	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
commenced	2	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
commentators	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
commerce	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
commercial	23	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
commission	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
commissioned	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
commissioner	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
commissions	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
commit	2	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
committed	3	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
committee	2	false	Committees of correspondence - Wikipedia
committees	4	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
commodities	7	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
commodity	22	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
common	16	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
commonly	13	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
commons	8	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
commonwealth	3	false	Committees of correspondence - Wikipedia
communication	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
communications	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
communist	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
communities	4	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
community	5	false	Boston - Wikipedia
companies	4	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
company	23	false	History of China - Wikipedia
comparable	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
compared	3	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
competing	3	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
competition	2	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
competitive	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
compiled	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
complaint	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
complaints	2	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
complete	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
completed	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
completely	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
complex	5	false	Copper - Wikipedia
complexed	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
complexity	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
complexly	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
compliance	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
complicated	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
comply	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
composition	6	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
compounded	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
compounds	4	false	Elam - Wikipedia
comprise	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
comprises	5	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
comprising	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
compromising	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
comptroller	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
compulsory	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
computationally	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
computed	1	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
computer	6	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
computerized	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
computers	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
conakry	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
conceal	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
concealing	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
concentrated	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
concept	9	false	Bank - Wikipedia
concepts	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
concern	2	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
concerning	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
conciliatory	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
concluded	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
conclusion	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
concord	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
concourse	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
concrete	3	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
concurrently	3	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
condemned	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
conditions	3	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
conducted	4	false	Barter - Wikipedia
conducting	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
conductivity	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
conductor	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
confederacy	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
confederation	4	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
confidence	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
conflict	5	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
conflicts	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
confluence	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
confrontation	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
confronted	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
confucianism	5	false	Property - Wikipedia
confusion	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
congress	35	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
congresses	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
conjectured	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
connected	4	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
connecticut	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
connecting	1	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
connection	3	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
conner	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
connotation	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
conquered	4	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
conquest	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
conscripted	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
consensus	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
consent	4	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
consequence	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
consequences	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
consequential	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
consequently	4	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
conservation	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
consider	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
considerable	2	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
consideration	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
considered	20	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
consignees	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
consist	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
consisted	4	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
consisting	4	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
consists	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
consolidate	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
consolidated	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
constantan	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
constantine	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
constituencies	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
constituent	3	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
constitute	4	false	Government - Wikipedia
constitution	7	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
constitutional	5	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
constitutionalism	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
constitutionality	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
constructed	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
construction	4	false	Property - Wikipedia
consume	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
consumer	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
consumption	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
contact	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
contain	2	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
contains	9	false	History of China - Wikipedia
contemporaneous	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
contemporary	4	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
contend	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
contended	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
content	3	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
contention	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
contents	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
contest	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
context	5	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
contexts	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
continent	5	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
continental	20	false	Bank - Wikipedia
continuation	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
continue	1	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
continued	8	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
continuing	2	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
continuous	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
continuously	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
contract	18	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
contraction	2	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
contracts	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
contractual	4	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
contrast	3	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
contributed	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
contributing	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
contributions	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
control	16	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
controlled	6	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
controlling	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
controversial	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
controversy	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
convenient	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
convening	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
convention	11	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
conventional	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
conversation	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
conversely	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
conversion	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
converted	4	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
convertibility	3	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
converting	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
convicted	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
convince	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
cookie	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
cooperation	5	false	Property - Wikipedia
cooperative	1	false	Committees of correspondence - Wikipedia
coordinate	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
coordinated	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
coordinating	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
coper	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
copied	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
copp	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
copper	38	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
copy	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
core	5	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
corinth	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
corner	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
corners	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
cornwallis	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
coronation	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
corporate	5	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
corporation	5	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
corporations	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
corpus	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
correct	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
correctly	1	false	Committees of correspondence - Wikipedia
correspondence	2	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
corrupt	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
corrupted	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
corruption	3	false	Crete - Wikipedia
corsica	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
cosmopolitan	2	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
cost	5	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
costly	2	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
costs	3	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
cotton	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
could	10	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
council	5	false	George III - Wikipedia
counter	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
countered	4	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
counterfeiting	8	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
counties	3	false	Barter - Wikipedia
countries	34	false	Bank - Wikipedia
country	23	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
county	13	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
coup	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
courant	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
course	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
court	8	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
courts	7	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
courtyard	2	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
covenant	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
cover	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
covered	4	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
covers	2	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
cowries	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
cowry	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
cradle	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
cradles	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
crafts	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
craftsmen	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
cranes	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
create	4	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
created	10	false	Bank - Wikipedia
creates	2	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
creating	2	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
creation	4	false	Property - Wikipedia
creations	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
creative	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
credit	8	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
creditor	6	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
credits	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
crescent	6	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
crest	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
cret	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
cretan	10	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
crete	26	false	Crete - Wikipedia
cretica	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
crime	13	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
crimes	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
criminal	6	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
crippled	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
crisis	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
critical	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
criticised	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
criticism	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
criticisms	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
croesus	6	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
crops	5	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
crossed	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
crossing	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
crowd	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
crowded	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
crown	8	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
crowned	3	false	Elam - Wikipedia
crucial	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
crustaceans	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
crypto	3	false	Currency - Wikipedia
cryptocurrencies	7	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
cryptocurrency	10	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
cryptography	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
cryptolocker	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
cryptoviral	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
cryptovirological	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
cryptowall	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
crystal	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
csis	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
cu	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
cubic	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
cubical	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
cuisine	2	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
culminated	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
culminating	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
cultural	17	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
culturally	6	false	Elam - Wikipedia
culture	23	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
cultures	7	false	Boston - Wikipedia
cumulative	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
cuneiform	3	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
cunha	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
cupronickel	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
cuprum	2	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
curious	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
currencies	44	false	Euro - Wikipedia
currency	103	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
current	4	false	Coin - Wikipedia
currently	8	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
cursive	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
customary	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
customers	4	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
cuts	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
cutter	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
cybercrime	2	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
cyberspace	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
cyclades	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
cycle	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
cylinder	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
cypriot	5	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
cypriots	5	false	Copper - Wikipedia
cyprium	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
cypru	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
cyprus	27	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
cyrus	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
cytochrome	1	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
d	8	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
da	2	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
daily	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
dakar	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
dakos	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
damage	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
damaging	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
dancers	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
daniel	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
danish	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
dark	12	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
darker	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
daro	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
daschle	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
daskalogiannis	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
data	4	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
database	5	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
date	7	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
dated	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
dates	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
dating	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
day	17	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
days	3	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
dcep	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
de	14	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
dead	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
dealers	4	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
deals	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
death	9	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
deaths	2	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
debased	3	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
debasement	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
debate	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
debated	2	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
debt	12	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
debtor	4	false	Money - Wikipedia
debts	11	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
decade	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
decades	5	false	Coin - Wikipedia
decagonal	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
deceased	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
december	9	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
decentralised	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
decentralized	7	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
deception	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
decide	4	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
decimally	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
deciphered	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
decipherment	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
decision	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
decisions	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
declaration	11	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
declaratory	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
declared	8	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
declaring	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
decline	11	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
declined	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
deco	2	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
decorated	2	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
decoration	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
decorative	2	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
decrease	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
decreased	2	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
decree	4	false	Currency - Wikipedia
decreed	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
decrees	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
decrypt	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
decryption	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
dedicated	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
deduction	2	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
deductions	6	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
deemed	2	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
defeat	5	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
defeated	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
defended	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
defense	2	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
defensive	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
deferred	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
defiance	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
deficit	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
defined	11	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
defines	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
defining	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
definition	10	false	Currency - Wikipedia
definitions	3	false	Barter - Wikipedia
deflationary	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
deforestation	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
degree	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
degrees	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
dei	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
deities	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
delaware	2	false	Barter - Wikipedia
delayed	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
delaying	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
delegate	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
delegates	6	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
delegation	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
delegations	2	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
deliberations	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
delisle	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
delivery	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
delphi	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
delta	1	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
demand	8	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
demanded	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
demanding	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
demands	2	false	Government - Wikipedia
democracies	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
democracy	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
democratic	2	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
democratically	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
demographic	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
demographically	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
demonstrate	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
demonstrations	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
demonym	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
den	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
dendur	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
deng	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
denied	4	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
denominated	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
denomination	3	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
denominations	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
denounce	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
dense	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
densely	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
dentine	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
depart	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
departing	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
department	4	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
dependence	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
dependencies	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
dependent	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
depending	4	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
depicted	3	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
depicting	7	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
depiction	3	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
depictions	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
depicts	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
deployed	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
deposit	9	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
depositing	4	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
depositor	8	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
depositors	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
deposits	8	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
depreciated	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
depreciation	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
depth	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
deputy	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
derivatives	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
derived	5	false	Harz - Wikipedia
derives	6	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
descendant	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
describe	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
described	6	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
description	3	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
desert	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
design	2	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
designated	2	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
designed	5	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
designs	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
desired	4	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
despite	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
destination	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
destroy	2	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
destroyed	2	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
destruction	4	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
detail	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
detailed	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
determine	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
determined	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
determines	4	false	Government - Wikipedia
determining	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
deutsche	4	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
devastating	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
developed	16	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
developing	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
development	18	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
developments	4	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
devices	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
devise	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
dhekelia	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
dhi	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
dholavira	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
di	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
dialect	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
dialogue	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
dice	2	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
dickinson	1	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
dictio	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
did	4	false	Coin - Wikipedia
die	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
died	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
dietary	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
differed	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
difference	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
different	13	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
differential	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
differentiated	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
differing	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
differs	2	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
difficult	5	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
difficulty	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
digital	30	false	Elam - Wikipedia
dignity	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
dil	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
dilmun	1	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
dinar	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
dining	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
diplomacy	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
diplomat	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
diplomatic	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
direct	7	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
directed	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
directly	6	false	Coin - Wikipedia
dirham	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
dirt	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
dirty	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
disagreement	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
disarmed	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
disasters	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
disc	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
discharged	4	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
discharges	2	false	Barter - Wikipedia
discipline	2	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
discourse	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
discourses	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
discovered	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
discoveries	2	false	New World - Wikipedia
discovery	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
discretion	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
discuss	2	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
discussed	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
discussion	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
disease	3	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
disembarking	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
disguise	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
disguised	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
dish	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
disintegrated	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
disorder	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
dispersed	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
displace	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
displaced	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
displacement	2	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
displaces	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
display	3	false	Property - Wikipedia
dispose	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
dispute	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
disputed	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
disputes	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
disruptions	2	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
disruptive	3	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
dissidents	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
dissolved	2	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
distance	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
distant	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
distinct	4	false	Property - Wikipedia
distinction	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
distinctive	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
distinguish	6	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
distinguished	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
distributed	5	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
distributing	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
distribution	2	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
distributions	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
distributors	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
district	4	false	New York City - Wikipedia
districts	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
disturbance	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
diverse	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
diversification	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
diversity	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
divided	5	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
dividend	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
divination	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
divinations	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
diving	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
division	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
divisions	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
djeser	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
do	11	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
document	3	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
documented	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
documenting	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
documents	7	false	Crete - Wikipedia
dodecanese	2	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
does	11	false	Crete - Wikipedia
dog	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
doing	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
dollar	56	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
dollars	4	false	Economy - Wikipedia
domain	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
domestic	7	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
domesticated	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
dominance	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
dominant	5	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
dominated	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
domination	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
dominoes	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
domitian	2	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
donations	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
done	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
dongyang	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
donkei	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
doorways	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
doppia	2	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
dorians	2	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
douard	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
double	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
dove	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
dowden	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
down	5	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
downing	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
downloading	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
downman	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
downtown	3	false	Coin - Wikipedia
drachma	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
dracunculus	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
drafter	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
drain	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
drawers	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
drawing	4	false	New York City - Wikipedia
drawn	4	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
draws	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
dress	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
dressed	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
dresses	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
dribbles	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
drilled	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
driver	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
driveway	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
drizzled	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
droughts	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
drug	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
dry	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
drylands	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
du	2	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
dubious	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
ductile	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
due	9	false	George III - Wikipedia
duke	3	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
dulany	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
dumped	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
dur	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
durability	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
durable	6	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
duration	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
during	86	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
dusk	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
dutch	10	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
duties	9	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
duty	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
dye	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
dynasti	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
dynastic	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
dynasties	8	false	History of China - Wikipedia
dynasty	47	true	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
dysfunction	1	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
e	16	false	New York City - Wikipedia
each	13	false	Coin - Wikipedia
eagle	4	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
earl	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
earlier	4	false	History of China - Wikipedia
earliest	19	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
early	42	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
earned	4	false	History of China - Wikipedia
earth	3	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
earthquakes	5	false	Property - Wikipedia
easement	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
easily	2	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
east	29	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
eastern	21	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
eastward	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
ebor	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
ebur	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
ecclesiastic	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
ecclesiastical	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
ecologies	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
ecology	2	false	Economy - Wikipedia
economic	32	false	New York City - Wikipedia
economically	4	false	Property - Wikipedia
economics	8	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
economies	7	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
economist	2	false	Barter - Wikipedia
economists	3	false	Crete - Wikipedia
economy	24	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
ecosystems	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
ecstatic	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
ecu	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
edge	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
edges	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
edited	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
editor	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
education	9	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
educational	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
ee	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
effect	5	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
effective	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
effectively	6	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
effects	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
efficiency	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
efficient	3	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
effigies	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
effort	3	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
efforts	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
egypt	28	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
egyptian	15	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
egyptians	3	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
egyptologist	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
eic	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
eight	8	false	George III - Wikipedia
eighteenth	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
eighth	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
either	9	false	Elam - Wikipedia
el	3	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
elaborate	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
elaborately	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
elaborations	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
elam	9	false	Elam - Wikipedia
elamite	9	false	Elam - Wikipedia
elamites	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
elamtu	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
elderly	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
eldest	2	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
elected	7	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
elections	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
elector	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
electoral	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
electors	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
electrical	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
electricity	3	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
electronic	6	false	Copper - Wikipedia
element	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
elemental	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
elements	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
elephant	4	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
elephants	3	false	Harz - Wikipedia
elevation	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
elevations	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
eleventh	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
elfreth	4	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
elhafen	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
elicit	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
elihu	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
eliminating	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
elite	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
elites	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
elk	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
ellis	3	false	Elam - Wikipedia
elongated	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
elsewhere	2	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
email	2	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
embedded	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
embezzlement	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
embodied	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
embossed	1	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
embraces	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
embroidered	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
emerge	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
emerged	4	false	Elam - Wikipedia
emergence	2	false	Money - Wikipedia
emergent	2	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
emerging	3	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
emirate	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
emissions	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
emmanuel	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
emperor	6	false	History of China - Wikipedia
emperors	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
emphasize	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
empir	3	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
empire	52	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
empires	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
employed	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
empress	3	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
enable	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
enabled	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
enables	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
enabling	2	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
enact	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
enacted	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
enacting	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
enclaves	1	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
encompass	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
encounter	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
encountered	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
encrypts	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
encyclopaedia	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
encyclopedias	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
end	15	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
endangered	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
ended	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
endure	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
energetic	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
enforce	2	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
enforced	3	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
enforcement	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
enforces	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
engage	1	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
engaged	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
engaging	3	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
engineer	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
engineering	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
england	12	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
english	15	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
englishmen	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
engraved	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
engraving	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
enjoyed	2	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
enlarged	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
enlightenment	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
enlist	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
enormous	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
enosis	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
enough	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
ensued	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
ensuing	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
ensure	7	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
ensured	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
ensuring	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
entered	4	false	History of China - Wikipedia
enters	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
entertainment	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
entire	4	false	Harz - Wikipedia
entirely	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
entirety	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
entities	5	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
entitled	4	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
entity	7	false	New York City - Wikipedia
entrance	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
entrepreneurial	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
entrepreneurship	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
entries	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
envelope	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
environment	3	false	Boston - Wikipedia
environmental	5	false	Copper - Wikipedia
enzyme	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
ephemeral	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
epics	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
episode	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
equal	4	false	Property - Wikipedia
equally	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
equitable	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
equivalence	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
equivalent	4	false	Coin - Wikipedia
equivalents	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
era	13	false	George III - Wikipedia
eras	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
erbbina	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
erie	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
erligang	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
erlitou	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
ermine	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
erosion	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
erroneous	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
erupted	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
eruption	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
eruptions	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
escalated	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
escutcheon	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
eshkaft	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
especially	9	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
essence	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
essential	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
essentially	2	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
establish	3	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
established	18	false	Property - Wikipedia
establishes	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
establishment	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
estate	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
estimated	9	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
estimates	3	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
etc	6	false	Elam - Wikipedia
etched	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
etching	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
eteocretan	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
ethnic	6	false	Barter - Wikipedia
ethnographic	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
ethnography	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
ethos	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
eu	2	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
euphrates	2	false	Euro - Wikipedia
eur	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
eurasia	2	false	New World - Wikipedia
eurasian	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
euro	19	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
europe	23	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
european	24	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
europeans	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
euros	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
eurozone	3	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
evaluation	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
evans	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
evasion	1	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
even	9	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
event	3	false	Boston - Wikipedia
events	3	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
eventually	6	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
ever	5	false	Property - Wikipedia
every	5	false	Coin - Wikipedia
everyday	3	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
evidence	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
evidenced	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
evolution	3	false	Bank - Wikipedia
evolved	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
ex	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
exact	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
exaction	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
examination	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
examinations	1	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
example	20	false	Currency - Wikipedia
examples	8	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
excavated	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
excavation	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
excavations	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
excavators	1	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
exceed	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
exceeding	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
except	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
exception	6	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
exceptions	4	false	Tax - Wikipedia
excess	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
exchang	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
exchange	64	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
exchanged	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
exchanges	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
exchanging	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
exchequer	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
exclude	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
excluded	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
excluding	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
exclusive	4	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
exclusively	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
executive	3	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
exemplify	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
exempt	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
exercise	3	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
exercising	1	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
exerted	2	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
exhibit	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
exhibiting	2	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
exist	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
existed	4	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
existence	6	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
existing	6	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
exists	7	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
expanded	5	false	Economy - Wikipedia
expanding	1	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
expansion	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
expatriates	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
expect	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
expectation	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
expedience	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
expelled	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
expenditures	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
expenses	8	false	New York City - Wikipedia
expensive	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
experienced	4	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
expire	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
explain	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
explode	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
exploit	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
exploitation	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
exploration	2	false	New World - Wikipedia
explorer	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
export	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
exported	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
exporting	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
exports	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
exposed	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
express	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
expressed	4	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
expressing	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
expressions	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
extant	2	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
extend	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
extended	2	false	Harz - Wikipedia
extends	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
extension	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
extensive	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
extensively	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
extent	9	false	History of China - Wikipedia
extents	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
externalities	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
extinguishes	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
extortion	17	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
extractive	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
extralegal	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
extreme	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
eyebrows	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
eyes	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
f	7	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
fa	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
facade	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
face	14	false	Coin - Wikipedia
faces	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
facilitate	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
facilitated	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
facing	3	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
fact	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
facto	4	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
factories	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
factors	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
facts	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
faden	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
fahd	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
faience	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
failed	3	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
failure	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
fairmount	2	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
faith	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
falcon	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
fall	5	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
false	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
fame	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
famed	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
families	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
family	6	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
famous	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
famously	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
fan	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
fanam	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
fancy	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
faneuil	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
fang	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
fans	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
fantastical	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
far	10	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
farda	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
farmer	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
farmers	1	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
farming	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
farther	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
farthest	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
fasciolaria	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
fashion	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
faso	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
fast	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
faster	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
fastest	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
fateh	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
father	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
fathers	4	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
fauna	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
fbi	3	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
fear	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
feared	1	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
feath	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
feathers	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
features	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
featuring	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
february	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
fed	5	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
federal	28	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
federations	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
federico	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
feels	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
fees	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
feet	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
fell	3	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
felt	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
female	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
fenghuang	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
fenway	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
fertile	5	false	Crete - Wikipedia
fetta	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
feudal	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
few	10	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
fiat	39	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
fiefs	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
field	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
fifth	5	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
fighting	4	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
figure	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
figures	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
figurine	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
figurines	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
file	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
files	4	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
filing	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
filings	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
filled	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
final	4	false	History of China - Wikipedia
finally	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
finance	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
finances	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
financial	28	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
financially	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
financing	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
fine	6	false	George III - Wikipedia
finely	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
fineness	3	false	Currency - Wikipedia
fines	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
finished	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
fintech	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
fire	4	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
fired	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
fireworks	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
firms	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
first	89	false	Boston - Wikipedia
firsts	3	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
fiscal	3	false	Copper - Wikipedia
fish	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
fisheries	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
fit	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
five	22	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
fix	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
fixed	4	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
flag	11	false	New York City - Wikipedia
flags	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
flanked	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
flared	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
flat	6	false	Coin - Wikipedia
flavian	2	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
fleet	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
fleshy	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
flexible	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
float	2	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
floating	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
floats	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
flooding	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
floor	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
floorplans	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
floors	1	false	Parliament of Great Britain - Wikipedia
floral	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
florida	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
flory	2	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
flourished	4	false	History of China - Wikipedia
flourishing	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
flow	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
flowchart	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
flowed	1	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
fluid	3	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
flung	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
focus	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
focused	2	false	Currency - Wikipedia
focuses	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
foliage	1	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
follow	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
followed	7	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
following	21	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
follows	2	false	Harz - Wikipedia
font	3	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
foothold	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
for	241	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
forbid	2	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
forbidden	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
force	7	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
forced	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
forces	5	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
forcing	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
foreground	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
forehead	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
foreign	28	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
forerunner	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
forest	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
forestry	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
forests	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
forex	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
forgery	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
forgotten	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
form	36	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
formal	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
formally	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
formation	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
formed	7	false	Euro - Wikipedia
former	6	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
formerly	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
forming	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
forms	16	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
formulated	1	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
formulation	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
fort	5	false	Crete - Wikipedia
fortezza	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
forth	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
fortress	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
fortunate	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
fortune	2	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
forty	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
fought	3	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
found	17	false	History of China - Wikipedia
foundational	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
founded	14	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
founders	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
founding	7	false	History of China - Wikipedia
four	13	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
fourteen	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
fourteenth	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
fourth	5	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
fr	3	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
frac	4	false	Bank - Wikipedia
fractional	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
fracture	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
frame	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
framed	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
framework	4	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
france	39	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
francesco	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
francia	3	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
francie	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
francisco	4	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
franco	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
francorum	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
frankish	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
franklin	12	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
franks	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
fraud	7	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
fraudulent	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
frederick	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
free	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
freedom	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
freetown	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
french	27	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
frequent	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
frequently	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
fresco	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
frescoes	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
fresh	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
freshly	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
from	245	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
front	14	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
frontispiece	1	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
frs	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
frsa	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
frse	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
ft	3	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
fu	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
fuggers	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
full	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
fully	4	false	Currency - Wikipedia
function	5	false	Bank - Wikipedia
functioned	1	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
functions	10	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
fund	5	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
fundamental	2	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
funded	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
funds	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
funerary	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
fungicides	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
fur	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
furnace	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
further	8	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
future	5	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
fx	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
g	16	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
gable	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
gables	3	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
gage	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
gain	3	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
gained	4	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
gaining	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
gambia	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
gambling	1	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
game	4	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
gan	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
gandhara	7	false	Coin - Wikipedia
gandharan	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
ganga	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
ganj	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
gao	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
garage	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
garden	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
garments	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
garter	3	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
gas	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
gaspee	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
gaston	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
gate	6	false	New York City - Wikipedia
gateway	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
gathered	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
gathering	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
gauges	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
gave	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
gazette	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
gbp	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
gdp	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
ge	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
gebel	2	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
gelidonya	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
gems	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
genbun	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
general	11	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
generale	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
generally	26	false	Tax - Wikipedia
generate	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
generates	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
generating	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
generation	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
genoese	2	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
genuine	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
geo	2	false	New World - Wikipedia
geographers	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
geographic	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
geographical	7	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
geographically	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
geology	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
geopolitics	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
george	30	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
georgia	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
georgian	3	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
german	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
germantown	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
germany	6	false	Currency - Wikipedia
get	3	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
ghana	3	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
gift	4	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
gifts	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
gilded	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
gime	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
girder	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
girsu	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
give	2	false	Economy - Wikipedia
given	8	false	Property - Wikipedia
gives	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
giving	3	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
giza	1	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
glass	10	false	New York City - Wikipedia
global	17	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
globally	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
globe	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
goal	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
goddess	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
gold	56	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
golden	2	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
good	4	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
goods	22	false	Crete - Wikipedia
gorg	3	false	Crete - Wikipedia
gorge	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
gortyn	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
gotha	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
gouging	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
govern	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
governance	4	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
governed	4	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
governing	5	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
government	65	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
governmental	4	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
governments	14	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
governor	6	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
governorate	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
governors	3	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
governs	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
gradual	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
gradually	2	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
graduated	1	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
graecia	3	false	Coin - Wikipedia
grain	3	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
grains	2	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
gram	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
grand	4	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
granddaughter	1	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
grandee	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
grandfather	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
grandson	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
granite	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
grant	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
granted	5	false	George III - Wikipedia
grapes	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
graph	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
grave	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
gray	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
great	44	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
greater	9	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
greatest	5	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
greatly	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
greec	3	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
greece	13	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
greek	36	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
greeks	3	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
green	13	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
greenbacks	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
greener	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
greenhouse	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
greeted	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
gresham	2	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
grew	4	false	George III - Wikipedia
grey	2	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
grievances	3	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
griffins	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
grimani	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
groats	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
groom	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
gross	4	false	Property - Wikipedia
ground	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
group	8	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
groups	9	false	Tax - Wikipedia
grow	2	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
growing	5	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
grown	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
growth	2	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
guangdong	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
guarantee	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
guaranteeing	2	false	Currency - Wikipedia
guarantees	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
guardant	2	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
guidelines	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
guilderland	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
guillaume	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
guilty	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
guinea	4	false	George III - Wikipedia
gules	5	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
gulf	6	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
gunfire	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
gupta	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
gurjara	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
gypte	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
h	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
ha	5	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
habsburg	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
habu	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
had	41	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
hagia	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
haircut	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
hakim	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
hal	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
halbherr	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
half	12	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
hall	12	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
halt	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
haltamti	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
hamadan	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
hammurabi	4	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
hampshire	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
han	13	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
hand	6	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
handedly	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
handle	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
handwritten	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
hang	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
hanging	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
hannibal	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
hanov	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
hanover	4	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
hansatsu	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
harappan	3	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
harassed	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
harassing	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
harbor	4	false	New York City - Wikipedia
harbors	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
harbour	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
hard	2	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
harder	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
hardness	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
hardship	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
hardt	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
hardware	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
harm	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
harmattan	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
harp	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
hart	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
harvard	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
harz	4	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
has	105	false	George III - Wikipedia
hat	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
hatamti	1	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
hatay	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
hatra	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
hatshepsut	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
hattusa	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
have	93	false	New York City - Wikipedia
haven	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
havens	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
having	9	false	Boston - Wikipedia
hawes	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
hazouri	2	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
he	31	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
head	12	false	George III - Wikipedia
headed	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
heading	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
headquarters	4	false	Coin - Wikipedia
heads	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
health	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
hearts	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
heat	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
heaven	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
heavily	3	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
heavy	5	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
hebrew	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
hectares	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
hegemony	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
height	10	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
heightened	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
heir	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
held	17	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
helena	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
hellenic	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
hellenistic	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
help	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
helped	2	false	New World - Wikipedia
hemisphere	3	false	Copper - Wikipedia
hemocyanin	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
hemoglobin	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
hence	6	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
henry	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
her	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
heraklion	5	false	Harz - Wikipedia
hercynia	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
here	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
hereditary	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
heritage	3	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
hero	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
herodotus	2	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
heterodox	2	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
hidden	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
hide	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
hiding	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
hieroglyphs	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
high	27	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
higham	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
higher	12	false	Harz - Wikipedia
highest	9	false	Harz - Wikipedia
highland	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
highlighted	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
highly	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
highway	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
highways	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
hill	5	false	George III - Wikipedia
him	5	false	History of China - Wikipedia
himalayas	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
himself	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
hindu	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
hippopotamus	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
his	47	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
historian	3	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
historians	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
historic	9	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
historical	7	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
historically	14	false	History of China - Wikipedia
historiographers	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
historiographical	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
historiography	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
history	28	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
hit	2	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
hittite	3	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
hittites	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
hoard	3	false	Coin - Wikipedia
hoards	2	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
hodge	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
hoist	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
hol	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
hold	6	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
holders	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
holding	3	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
holdings	1	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
holds	5	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
holm	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
holy	3	false	Boston - Wikipedia
home	12	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
homeric	1	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
hon	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
hong	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
hongcun	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
honor	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
honored	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
hooks	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
horizon	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
horizontal	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
horse	3	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
horses	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
hospital	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
hosted	4	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
hosting	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
hound	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
hous	3	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
house	21	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
household	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
households	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
houses	3	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
housewares	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
housing	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
how	2	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
howard	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
however	22	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
hoyle	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
hu	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
huang	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
hub	5	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
hudson	6	false	New York City - Wikipedia
huge	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
hugh	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
huguenots	1	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
human	15	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
humanity	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
humans	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
hundred	6	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
hundreds	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
hunt	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
hunting	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
hutchinson	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
huys	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
hybrid	4	false	Elam - Wikipedia
hykso	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
hyksos	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
hyperinflation	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
hypotheses	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
hypothesized	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
hypothetical	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
i	22	false	Crete - Wikipedia
ibex	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
ic	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
icon	64	false	Crete - Wikipedia
ida	1	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
idea	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
ideal	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
ideals	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
ideas	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
identical	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
identification	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
identified	3	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
identify	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
identity	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
ideological	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
if	16	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
ignaz	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
ii	13	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
iii	18	false	Elam - Wikipedia
iku	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
ilam	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
illegal	6	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
illegally	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
illicit	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
illness	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
illuminated	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
illustrated	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
illustration	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
image	6	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
images	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
imaginary	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
imaginations	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
imagined	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
imf	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
imitated	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
immediate	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
immensely	2	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
immersed	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
immigrants	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
immigration	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
impact	3	false	Copper - Wikipedia
impart	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
imperial	10	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
implementation	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
implemented	3	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
implications	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
implicitly	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
implied	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
import	4	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
importance	2	false	Bank - Wikipedia
important	12	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
importation	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
imported	5	false	Tax - Wikipedia
impose	4	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
imposed	7	false	Tax - Wikipedia
imposing	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
impression	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
improvements	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
impurities	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
in	990	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
inaccessible	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
inaccurately	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
inari	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
inaugurating	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
incarnation	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
inception	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
inch	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
incident	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
incidents	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
include	32	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
included	15	false	Currency in circulation - Wikipedia
includes	12	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
including	39	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
income	46	false	History of China - Wikipedia
incorporated	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
incorporeal	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
incorrect	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
increase	4	false	Tax - Wikipedia
increased	9	false	Economy - Wikipedia
increases	3	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
increasing	5	false	History of China - Wikipedia
increasingly	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
incurred	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
incursions	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
incuse	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
indebted	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
indefatigable	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
independence	31	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
independent	7	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
index	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
india	22	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
indian	13	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
indicates	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
indictment	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
indies	2	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
indignation	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
indigo	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
indirect	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
indirectly	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
individual	7	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
individuals	16	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
indo	6	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
indonesia	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
induced	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
indus	8	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
industrial	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
industrialized	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
industries	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
industry	4	false	Barter - Wikipedia
inefficiency	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
inescutcheon	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
infantry	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
infirm	1	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
inflation	8	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
infliction	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
influence	10	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
influenced	4	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
influential	10	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
influx	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
infobox	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
information	6	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
infrastructure	2	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
ingot	2	true	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
ingots	5	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
inhabited	1	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
inhabiting	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
inherent	4	false	Tax - Wikipedia
inheritance	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
initial	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
initially	4	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
initiated	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
inlaid	1	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
inland	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
inlay	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
inner	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
innovation	4	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
innovations	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
inquiry	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
inscribed	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
inscription	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
inscriptions	3	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
inside	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
inspired	6	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
instability	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
instance	2	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
instances	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
instant	1	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
instantaneous	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
instantaneously	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
instantly	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
instead	4	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
institution	2	false	Bank - Wikipedia
institutionalized	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
institutionally	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
institutions	11	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
instrument	3	false	Committees of correspondence - Wikipedia
instrumental	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
instruments	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
insurance	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
intangible	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
integrated	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
integration	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
integrity	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
intellectual	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
intellectuals	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
intelligence	2	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
intended	6	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
intensive	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
intentional	2	false	Barter - Wikipedia
inter	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
interaction	1	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
interactions	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
interbank	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
intercommunal	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
interest	4	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
interests	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
interference	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
interfering	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
intermediaries	1	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
intermediary	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
intermediate	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
internal	8	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
international	35	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
internationally	3	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
internet	11	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
interpret	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
interpreting	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
interregnum	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
interrelated	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
interrupted	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
intersection	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
intersections	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
interstate	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
interstates	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
intertwine	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
intervention	4	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
intimidated	1	false	Parliament of Great Britain - Wikipedia
into	38	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
intolerable	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
intractable	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
intrinsic	13	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
introduced	12	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
introducing	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
invade	1	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
invaded	3	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
invalidated	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
invasion	4	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
invasions	2	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
invented	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
inventing	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
invention	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
inventions	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
inventor	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
investigation	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
investing	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
investment	3	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
investments	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
investor	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
investors	3	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
invitation	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
involve	5	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
involved	2	false	Economy - Wikipedia
involves	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
involving	8	false	Coin - Wikipedia
ionia	3	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
ionian	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
ipa	4	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
ipso	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
iran	5	false	Elam - Wikipedia
iranian	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
iraq	8	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
ireland	6	false	Parliament of Great Britain - Wikipedia
irish	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
iron	6	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
ironworking	2	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
iroquois	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
irregularities	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
irrigation	3	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
irs	5	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
is	460	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
ishtar	4	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
isis	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
islam	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
islamic	3	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
island	23	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
islands	7	false	Crete - Wikipedia
islets	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
iso	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
isolate	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
isolated	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
israel	4	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
israeli	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
issuance	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
issue	6	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
issued	33	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
issuer	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
issues	7	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
issuing	16	false	Property - Wikipedia
it	186	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
italian	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
italy	5	false	Money - Wikipedia
item	3	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
items	5	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
its	136	false	Barter - Wikipedia
itself	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
iv	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
ivory	37	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
izmir	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
j	4	false	Elam - Wikipedia
ja	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
jackal	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
jacket	3	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
jail	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
jalaluddin	2	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
jamaican	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
james	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
jamestown	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
janapada	2	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
janapadas	3	false	Euro - Wikipedia
january	7	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
japan	8	false	Coin - Wikipedia
japanese	11	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
jar	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
jars	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
jasper	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
jefferson	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
jemdet	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
jersey	3	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
jevons	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
jewelry	4	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
jiedushi	1	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
joachimsthaler	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
john	2	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
johnson	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
join	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
joined	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
joint	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
jointly	1	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
jordan	3	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
joseph	3	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
jpy	2	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
judicial	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
judiciary	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
july	11	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
june	7	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
junior	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
junta	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
jure	1	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
juris	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
jurisdiction	10	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
jurisdictions	27	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
jus	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
just	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
justic	2	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
justice	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
justification	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
juxtaposing	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
kabul	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
kai	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
kanauj	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
karat	2	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
karats	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
karl	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
karshapanas	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
katsouna	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
kazantzakis	1	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
keep	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
kefalomantilo	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
keir	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
kept	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
key	5	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
keys	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
kg	14	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
khafre	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
khalifa	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
khanoum	4	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
khasekhemwi	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
kherei	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
khuzestan	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
kicks	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
killed	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
kilns	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
kilogram	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
kilometres	6	false	Crete - Wikipedia
kilotes	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
kin	2	false	Government - Wikipedia
kind	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
kinds	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
king	40	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
kingdom	54	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
kingdoms	10	false	New York City - Wikipedia
kings	3	false	Elam - Wikipedia
kish	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
km	9	false	George III - Wikipedia
knee	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
kneeling	3	false	Elam - Wikipedia
knif	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
knit	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
knosso	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
knossos	4	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
knot	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
knowingly	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
known	64	false	Coin - Wikipedia
koban	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
kober	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
kohl	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
kommos	1	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
kong	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
korea	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
korkyra	2	false	Euro - Wikipedia
kosovo	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
kourion	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
kr	3	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
kree	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
kri	4	false	Crete - Wikipedia
kriti	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
kritikos	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
kroisos	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
krowi	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
krugerrand	4	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
kumar	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
kuntala	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
kuriagalzu	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
kuru	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
kuwait	2	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
kyrgyz	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
l	7	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
la	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
label	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
labeled	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
labor	5	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
labyrinthine	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
laden	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
lagash	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
lagonikos	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
laid	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
lake	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
lakes	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
lamassu	2	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
lambskins	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
lamma	1	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
land	4	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
landed	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
landholding	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
landmarks	5	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
landmass	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
lands	5	false	George III - Wikipedia
language	18	false	Elam - Wikipedia
languages	3	false	Boston - Wikipedia
lantern	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
lapis	4	false	Elam - Wikipedia
large	41	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
largely	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
larger	4	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
largest	42	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
larnaca	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
last	7	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
lasted	8	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
lasting	2	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
late	28	false	George III - Wikipedia
later	21	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
latest	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
latin	11	false	Crete - Wikipedia
latitude	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
latter	5	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
launched	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
launching	3	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
laundered	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
laundering	8	false	George III - Wikipedia
laurel	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
laurie	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
law	55	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
lawns	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
laws	4	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
laying	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
layouts	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
lazuli	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
lb	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
lba	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
lead	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
leader	7	false	Committees of correspondence - Wikipedia
leaders	3	false	Elam - Wikipedia
leading	12	false	Coin - Wikipedia
leaf	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
league	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
leaning	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
leaper	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
least	5	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
leather	8	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
lebanon	3	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
led	21	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
ledg	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
ledger	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
lee	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
leeward	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
lefka	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
left	11	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
legacy	3	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
legal	63	false	History of China - Wikipedia
legalism	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
legality	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
legally	7	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
legend	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
legislate	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
legislation	3	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
legislative	4	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
legislature	3	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
legislatures	5	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
legitimate	4	false	Bank - Wikipedia
lending	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
length	6	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
lens	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
leon	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
leone	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
lepsiu	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
lesbos	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
less	11	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
lesser	2	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
let	2	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
letter	3	false	Committees of correspondence - Wikipedia
letters	5	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
levant	6	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
levantine	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
level	6	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
levels	3	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
levied	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
levy	3	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
lexington	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
lgbtq	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
li	2	false	Bank - Wikipedia
liabilities	3	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
liability	4	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
liable	4	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
liberal	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
liberalism	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
liberation	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
liberia	2	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
liberian	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
libertarians	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
liberti	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
liberty	5	false	History of China - Wikipedia
libraries	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
library	7	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
libya	4	false	Crete - Wikipedia
libyan	3	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
licensed	4	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
lidya	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
lies	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
life	7	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
lifetime	4	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
light	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
lightning	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
lights	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
lightweight	8	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
like	19	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
likely	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
likewise	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
lily	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
limassol	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
limestone	5	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
limitations	2	false	Barter - Wikipedia
limited	5	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
limits	3	false	Boston - Wikipedia
lincolnshire	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
lindsay	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
line	5	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
linear	6	false	New York City - Wikipedia
lined	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
linen	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
lines	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
linguistic	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
linguistically	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
linked	4	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
links	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
lion	7	false	George III - Wikipedia
lions	4	false	Bank - Wikipedia
liquid	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
liquidity	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
list	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
listed	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
literally	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
literature	6	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
little	5	false	New York City - Wikipedia
live	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
lived	3	false	Copper - Wikipedia
liver	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
lives	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
living	4	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
ller	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
loan	4	false	Bank - Wikipedia
loans	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
local	10	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
locality	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
locally	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
located	19	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
location	6	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
locations	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
loci	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
lock	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
logan	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
logical	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
logistics	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
logo	10	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
lom	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
lombardic	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
london	16	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
long	10	false	Coin - Wikipedia
longer	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
longest	4	false	Crete - Wikipedia
longitudes	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
look	3	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
looking	1	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
loose	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
loosely	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
lord	7	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
lords	9	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
lorraine	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
lorsch	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
los	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
loss	4	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
losses	2	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
lost	5	false	Elam - Wikipedia
lothal	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
louis	4	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
louvr	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
louvre	4	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
low	5	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
lower	19	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
lowering	1	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
lowers	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
lowest	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
lowlands	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
loyal	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
loyalist	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
loyalists	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
loyola	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
lucrative	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
luigi	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
luri	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
lurs	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
lushan	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
lusignan	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
luxury	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
luzhai	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
lycia	6	false	Coin - Wikipedia
lycian	6	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
lyd	1	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
lydia	6	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
lydian	5	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
lydians	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
lying	2	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
lyre	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
m	7	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
ma	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
macedon	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
macedonians	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
machine	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
machinery	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
machines	2	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
macroeconomic	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
mad	1	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
made	32	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
madhkur	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
madonna	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
madrid	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
mafia	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
magadha	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
magazine	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
magazines	2	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
magna	3	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
magnate	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
magnates	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
magnesia	2	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
mah	2	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
maha	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
mahajanapada	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
mahican	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
main	10	false	Crete - Wikipedia
mainland	5	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
mainly	5	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
maintain	3	false	Barter - Wikipedia
maintained	5	false	History of China - Wikipedia
maintains	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
major	18	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
majority	7	false	Copper - Wikipedia
make	7	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
makes	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
making	13	false	Copper - Wikipedia
malachite	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
maldives	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
male	4	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
mali	3	false	Crete - Wikipedia
malia	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
malleable	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
malt	1	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
malton	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
malware	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
mammalian	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
mammals	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
mammoth	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
man	10	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
managed	1	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
management	3	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
manages	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
manama	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
manchu	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
mandate	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
manhattan	5	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
manifestations	1	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
manillas	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
manipulations	2	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
manisa	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
manner	2	false	Harz - Wikipedia
mansfeld	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
manslaughter	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
manufactured	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
manufacturers	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
manufacturing	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
many	49	false	History of China - Wikipedia
mao	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
map	10	false	Coin - Wikipedia
maple	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
maratha	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
march	7	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
marco	5	false	Coin - Wikipedia
marcus	2	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
margin	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
marine	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
mark	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
marked	7	false	New York City - Wikipedia
market	33	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
marketplace	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
markets	9	false	History of China - Wikipedia
marking	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
marks	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
marquee	2	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
marquess	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
married	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
mary	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
maryland	4	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
maspero	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
mass	6	false	Boston - Wikipedia
massachusetts	11	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
massacre	5	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
massive	1	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
matched	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
matches	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
material	4	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
materialized	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
materials	7	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
mathematics	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
matter	4	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
matters	2	false	Currency in circulation - Wikipedia
mattress	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
mature	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
matured	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
maturity	4	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
mauritania	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
maurya	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
mauryan	4	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
max	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
maximal	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
maximian	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
maximus	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
may	59	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
mcafee	2	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
mcfall	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
mean	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
meaning	6	false	Tax - Wikipedia
means	9	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
measure	7	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
measured	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
measurement	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
measures	7	false	History of China - Wikipedia
mechanical	1	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
mechanics	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
mechanism	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
mechanisms	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
mecklenburg	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
medals	3	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
media	3	false	Barter - Wikipedia
mediated	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
mediating	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
medical	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
medicine	2	false	Bank - Wikipedia
medicis	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
medieval	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
medinet	1	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
mediterranean	15	false	Money - Wikipedia
medium	16	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
mediums	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
medley	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
meeting	6	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
meets	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
megacities	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
megalopolis	3	false	Crete - Wikipedia
megalopotamos	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
mehrdad	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
melt	2	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
melting	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
member	9	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
members	9	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
memorial	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
men	4	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
menes	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
mental	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
mer	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
mercantilism	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
merchant	5	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
merchants	13	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
merely	3	false	Parliament of Great Britain - Wikipedia
merged	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
mesoamerica	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
mesopotamia	14	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
mesopotamian	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
met	5	false	New York City - Wikipedia
metal	42	false	Copper - Wikipedia
metallic	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
metallurgic	2	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
metals	18	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
metaphorically	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
method	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
methodically	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
methods	9	false	Crete - Wikipedia
metres	4	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
metric	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
metropolitan	31	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
mexico	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
mg	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
mi	7	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
michael	3	false	Euro - Wikipedia
microstates	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
mid	5	false	Boston - Wikipedia
middl	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
middle	13	false	New York City - Wikipedia
midtown	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
mifflin	2	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
might	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
migrants	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
migrated	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
migration	7	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
migrations	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
mihara	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
miles	7	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
military	15	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
militia	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
militiamen	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
milled	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
millennia	3	false	Elam - Wikipedia
millennium	11	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
millesimal	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
million	27	false	New York City - Wikipedia
millionaires	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
millions	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
mind	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
mined	3	false	Copper - Wikipedia
mineral	3	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
mineralised	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
minerals	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
ming	3	false	Tax - Wikipedia
minimal	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
minimum	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
mining	3	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
minister	16	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
ministerial	3	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
ministers	6	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
ministry	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
minoan	21	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
minoans	4	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
minor	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
minority	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
mint	8	false	Coin - Wikipedia
minted	22	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
minters	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
minting	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
minute	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
mission	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
mississippi	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
mit	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
mithridates	2	false	Government - Wikipedia
mixed	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
mixture	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
mm	8	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
mob	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
mobilized	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
mocha	1	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
mode	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
model	5	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
models	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
moderate	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
modern	35	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
modification	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
modified	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
mohawk	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
mohawks	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
mohenjo	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
mohican	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
mold	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
molluscs	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
mon	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
monarch	6	false	Government - Wikipedia
monarchies	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
monarchy	11	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
monetary	32	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
money	136	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
mongol	6	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
monitors	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
monochrome	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
monopoly	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
monrovia	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
monsoons	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
monte	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
montenegro	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
months	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
monumental	4	false	New York City - Wikipedia
monuments	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
morale	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
morally	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
more	46	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
morea	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
morgan	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
mortgage	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
mosqu	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
most	102	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
mostly	4	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
mother	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
motion	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
motivating	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
mound	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
mount	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
mountain	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
mountainous	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
mountains	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
mounting	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
movable	4	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
move	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
movement	2	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
much	13	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
mughal	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
muhammad	3	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
muhhcanneuw	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
multi	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
multilateral	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
multimodal	2	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
multiple	3	false	Tax - Wikipedia
multiplier	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
multistory	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
mundus	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
municipal	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
municipalities	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
municipality	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
mural	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
murals	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
murder	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
murshidabad	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
muscle	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
museum	27	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
music	6	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
musical	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
muslim	4	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
must	9	false	Government - Wikipedia
mutually	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
mw	9	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
my	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
mycenae	12	false	Crete - Wikipedia
mycenaean	13	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
myk	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
mykines	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
myth	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
n	9	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
nai	1	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
nails	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
nakamoto	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
name	14	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
named	8	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
names	2	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
namibian	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
naming	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
nandipada	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
nanotechnology	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
napoleon	4	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
napoleonic	3	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
naram	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
narmer	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
narrative	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
narrow	3	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
narwhal	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
nasdaq	3	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
nasr	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
nassau	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
nation	47	false	Tax - Wikipedia
national	39	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
nationalist	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
nationalists	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
nationals	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
nations	12	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
native	7	false	Economy - Wikipedia
natural	11	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
naturally	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
nature	5	false	Crete - Wikipedia
naval	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
navarre	3	false	Harz - Wikipedia
navbox	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
navigable	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
navy	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
nd	7	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
near	13	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
nearby	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
nearest	1	false	Parliament of Great Britain - Wikipedia
nearly	8	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
nebamun	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
nebuchadnezzar	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
necessary	4	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
neck	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
necropolis	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
nee	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
need	4	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
needed	14	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
needs	5	false	Tax - Wikipedia
negative	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
negotiable	4	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
neighboring	3	false	New World - Wikipedia
neither	4	false	History of China - Wikipedia
neo	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
neolithic	5	false	Currency - Wikipedia
net	4	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
network	5	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
networks	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
neutral	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
never	5	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
nevertheless	4	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
new	99	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
newfound	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
newfoundland	1	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
newly	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
newspaper	3	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
newspapers	5	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
next	4	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
ngo	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
ni	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
niamey	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
nicator	2	false	Economy - Wikipedia
niche	1	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
nicholson	1	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
nickel	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
nickname	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
nicosia	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
nieuw	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
nig	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
niger	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
nigeria	3	false	Boston - Wikipedia
night	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
nikator	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
nikos	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
nile	2	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
nine	6	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
nineteenth	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
nineveh	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
ninth	2	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
nixon	2	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
no	30	false	Boston - Wikipedia
noaa	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
nobel	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
nodes	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
nomadic	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
nominal	2	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
non	15	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
none	1	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
nonetheless	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
nonresidents	2	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
noodles	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
nor	2	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
norm	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
normally	3	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
north	39	false	Crete - Wikipedia
northeast	5	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
northeastern	3	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
northern	12	false	Crete - Wikipedia
northwest	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
nose	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
not	68	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
notable	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
notably	6	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
notarized	4	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
notary	8	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
note	13	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
noted	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
notes	46	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
noteworthy	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
nothing	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
notional	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
notorious	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
notwithstanding	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
nouakchott	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
nova	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
novels	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
november	3	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
novo	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
novus	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
now	9	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
nowrap	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
nubia	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
nubians	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
num	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
number	22	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
numbers	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
numerals	2	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
numerical	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
numerous	7	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
numismatic	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
numismatics	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
numismatists	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
nuts	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
nyc	2	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
nz	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
o	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
oak	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
obelisks	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
object	5686	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
objected	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
objecting	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
objective	2	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
objectives	1	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
objects	4	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
obligation	4	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
obligations	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
obscure	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
obscured	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
observing	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
obsolete	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
obtain	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
obtained	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
obtaining	3	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
obv	3	false	Coin - Wikipedia
obverse	6	false	Coin - Wikipedia
occasionally	4	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
occasions	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
occidentalis	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
occupied	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
occupies	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
occur	5	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
occurred	5	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
ocean	3	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
october	6	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
octopus	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
odd	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
of	1957	false	New York City - Wikipedia
off	5	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
offence	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
offenders	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
offense	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
offer	4	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
offered	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
office	10	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
officer	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
officers	1	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
offices	2	false	Euro - Wikipedia
official	21	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
officially	12	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
officials	5	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
officio	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
offline	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
often	40	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
ohio	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
oil	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
oils	3	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
old	13	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
older	2	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
oldest	17	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
oligarchic	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
oligarchy	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
olive	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
oliver	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
olives	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
on	209	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
once	5	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
one	71	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
ongoing	2	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
online	4	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
only	36	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
onto	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
onwards	3	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
open	6	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
opened	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
opening	3	false	Tax - Wikipedia
operate	1	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
operated	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
operates	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
operating	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
operation	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
operations	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
operator	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
ophrys	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
opinion	3	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
opium	2	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
opponents	2	false	Currency - Wikipedia
opportunities	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
opportunity	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
opposed	4	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
opposing	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
opposition	5	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
opting	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
option	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
options	2	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
or	301	false	History of China - Wikipedia
oracle	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
orange	6	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
orca	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
orchid	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
order	19	false	Tax - Wikipedia
orderly	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
oregano	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
ores	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
organisation	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
organisms	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
organization	5	false	Government - Wikipedia
organizational	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
organizations	10	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
organized	6	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
organizing	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
ori	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
origin	5	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
original	6	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
originally	8	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
originated	3	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
originates	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
originating	6	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
origins	3	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
ornament	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
ornaments	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
ornate	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
orthodox	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
orthographic	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
orthography	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
osroene	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
otc	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
other	86	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
others	12	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
otherwise	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
ottoman	4	false	Crete - Wikipedia
ottomans	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
ouagadougou	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
ounce	3	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
ounces	3	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
out	5	false	Committees of correspondence - Wikipedia
outbreak	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
outdoor	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
outfit	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
outline	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
output	10	false	Euro - Wikipedia
outside	5	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
outstanding	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
outstretched	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
oval	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
over	45	false	George III - Wikipedia
overall	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
overboard	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
overfishing	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
overflow	2	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
overland	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
overrule	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
overrun	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
overseas	4	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
overseeing	1	false	Currency in circulation - Wikipedia
overstated	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
overtaken	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
overwhelmingly	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
owed	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
own	13	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
owned	7	false	Property - Wikipedia
owner	4	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
owners	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
ownership	8	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
owning	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
ox	2	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
oxhide	3	false	Copper - Wikipedia
oxidase	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
oxidized	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
oxidizes	1	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
p	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
pace	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
pack	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
pact	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
pacta	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
padding	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
paid	10	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
pain	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
paint	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
painted	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
painters	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
painting	4	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
paints	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
pairs	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
palace	12	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
palaces	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
pale	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
palestine	4	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
palestinian	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
palett	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
palladium	2	false	New World - Wikipedia
pamphlet	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
pamphylia	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
pana	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
panchala	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
pangolins	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
panorama	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
panoramic	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
pantheon	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
paper	19	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
papers	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
par	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
parade	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
paradise	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
parallel	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
parallels	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
paramara	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
parameters	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
parchment	4	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
paris	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
parity	2	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
park	14	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
parking	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
parks	2	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
parliament	44	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
parliamentary	2	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
parliaments	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
parochial	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
parser	9	false	New World - Wikipedia
part	23	false	Coin - Wikipedia
parthia	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
parthian	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
parthians	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
partial	1	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
partially	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
participants	2	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
participate	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
particular	8	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
particularly	5	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
parties	8	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
partition	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
partly	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
partner	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
parts	13	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
party	11	false	Bank - Wikipedia
paschi	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
pass	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
passage	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
passant	2	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
passed	9	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
passenber	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
passenger	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
passing	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
past	6	false	George III - Wikipedia
paternal	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
path	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
patina	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
patriot	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
patriots	6	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
patron	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
patronage	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
pattern	4	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
patterns	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
paul	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
paunchy	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
pausanias	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
pavilion	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
pawn	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
paximadi	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
pay	10	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
payable	4	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
payers	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
paying	3	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
payment	43	false	Currency - Wikipedia
payments	6	false	Tax - Wikipedia
payroll	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
paysafecard	1	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
pc	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
peace	3	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
peacetime	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
peak	7	false	Euro - Wikipedia
peaking	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
pearl	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
peddling	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
pedestrian	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
peers	4	false	Euro - Wikipedia
pegged	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
pegs	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
pellets	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
peloponnese	3	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
pempotowwuthut	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
penalties	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
peninsula	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
penn	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
pennsylvania	19	false	New York City - Wikipedia
people	27	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
peoples	10	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
peppercorns	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
pepy	2	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
per	20	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
percent	3	false	Tax - Wikipedia
percentage	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
perennial	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
perfect	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
perform	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
performed	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
pergamon	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
perhaps	3	false	Coin - Wikipedia
perikles	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
period	28	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
periodic	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
periods	6	false	George III - Wikipedia
permanent	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
permanently	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
permits	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
permitting	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
pernier	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
perpendicular	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
perpetrated	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
perpetrator	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
perpetrators	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
persephone	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
persia	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
persian	19	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
persians	3	false	Property - Wikipedia
person	7	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
personal	12	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
personnel	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
persons	5	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
peru	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
pervades	1	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
peso	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
petitioned	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
petitions	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
peuples	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
phaisto	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
phaistos	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
pharaoh	4	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
phase	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
phaselis	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
phases	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
phenomenon	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
philadelphia	77	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
philae	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
philanthropically	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
philanthropy	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
philaport	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
philip	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
philippine	3	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
philippines	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
philly	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
philosopher	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
philosophical	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
philosophies	2	false	Government - Wikipedia
philosophy	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
phoenicia	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
phoenicians	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
photo	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
phrase	2	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
phrygian	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
physical	12	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
physics	2	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
pi	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
piano	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
picture	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
pictures	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
piece	5	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
pieces	9	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
pig	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
pigment	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
pigments	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
piled	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
piles	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
pillar	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
pillars	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
pine	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
pingjin	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
pink	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
pinkish	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
pinnacle	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
pins	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
pinyin	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
pioneer	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
pioneered	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
pipa	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
piracy	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
pirate	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
pirates	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
piso	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
pitt	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
place	8	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
placed	6	false	George III - Wikipedia
places	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
plains	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
plan	9	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
planked	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
planned	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
planning	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
plans	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
plant	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
plantagenet	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
planting	1	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
plants	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
plaque	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
plassey	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
plaster	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
plastics	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
plateau	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
platform	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
platinum	2	false	Bank - Wikipedia
play	5	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
played	6	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
playing	3	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
plaza	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
pleaded	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
plotted	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
plus	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
pluto	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
pockets	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
poems	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
poetry	4	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
poets	2	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
point	7	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
points	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
police	2	false	Government - Wikipedia
policies	6	false	Tax - Wikipedia
policy	13	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
policymakers	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
political	31	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
politically	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
politician	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
politics	3	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
polity	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
pollution	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
polo	5	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
polygon	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
polymath	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
pools	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
poor	1	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
popular	3	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
popularized	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
popularly	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
populated	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
population	22	false	History of China - Wikipedia
populous	20	false	Coin - Wikipedia
porcelain	3	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
porch	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
porches	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
poros	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
porphyria	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
port	3	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
portculli	2	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
portcullis	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
portion	5	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
porto	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
portrait	15	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
portraiture	2	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
portrays	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
ports	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
portuguese	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
pose	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
poshumous	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
posing	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
posit	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
posited	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
position	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
positions	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
positive	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
possessed	3	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
possesses	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
possession	5	false	Property - Wikipedia
possessions	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
possessory	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
possibility	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
possible	3	false	Coin - Wikipedia
possibly	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
post	4	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
postal	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
postmaster	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
potent	2	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
pottery	2	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
pound	6	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
pour	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
poverty	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
powder	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
powdered	4	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
power	20	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
powerful	6	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
powerless	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
powers	13	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
pr	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
practical	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
practice	11	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
practiced	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
practices	4	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
praia	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
prairi	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
pratihara	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
prc	2	false	Barter - Wikipedia
pre	3	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
preceded	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
precious	23	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
precipitated	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
precipitating	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
precision	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
predecessors	1	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
predetermined	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
predictable	1	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
predictably	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
predominantly	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
predominate	2	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
preemptory	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
prehistoric	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
preliminary	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
preludes	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
premier	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
premises	1	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
prerequisite	1	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
prerogative	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
prerogatives	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
presence	4	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
present	12	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
presented	9	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
presenting	3	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
preservation	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
preservatives	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
preserved	6	false	Tax - Wikipedia
preserves	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
presidency	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
president	6	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
pressure	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
pressured	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
preston	3	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
presumably	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
prevailing	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
prevalent	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
prevent	3	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
previous	4	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
previously	3	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
prewar	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
prey	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
price	10	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
prices	4	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
priest	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
primaeval	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
primarily	11	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
primary	7	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
prime	14	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
primitive	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
primogeniture	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
prince	11	false	Elam - Wikipedia
princely	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
princess	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
princesses	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
principal	7	false	Copper - Wikipedia
principally	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
principle	6	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
principles	6	false	Boston - Wikipedia
print	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
printed	6	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
printer	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
printing	10	false	History of China - Wikipedia
prints	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
prior	5	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
priorities	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
prison	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
private	10	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
prize	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
probably	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
problem	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
problems	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
proceeds	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
process	2	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
processed	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
processes	3	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
processing	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
processional	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
proclaimed	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
proclaiming	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
procuring	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
produce	3	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
produced	9	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
producers	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
producing	4	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
product	5	false	Tax - Wikipedia
production	8	false	Tax - Wikipedia
productivity	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
products	6	false	Boston - Wikipedia
professional	7	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
profile	4	false	Tax - Wikipedia
profit	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
profits	3	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
profound	2	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
programme	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
programs	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
progress	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
progressive	3	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
projectiles	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
projection	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
projects	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
proliferation	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
prominence	2	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
prominent	8	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
promised	1	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
promises	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
promissory	16	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
promoted	2	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
prompted	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
prompting	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
pronounced	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
proof	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
propaganda	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
proper	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
properly	2	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
properties	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
property	47	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
proportion	2	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
proposals	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
propose	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
proposed	7	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
propriety	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
prosecuting	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
prospects	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
prosperity	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
prosperous	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
protected	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
protection	9	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
protectorate	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
protest	5	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
protestant	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
protests	7	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
proto	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
protocol	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
protruding	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
protrusions	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
proved	2	false	Currency in circulation - Wikipedia
proverbial	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
provide	3	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
provided	4	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
provides	5	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
providing	5	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
province	8	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
provinces	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
provincial	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
provision	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
provisions	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
provveditore	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
proximity	4	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
pseudonym	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
ptolemaic	2	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
ptolemy	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
public	19	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
publicized	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
publicly	1	false	Currency in circulation - Wikipedia
published	4	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
publisher	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
publishing	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
punch	7	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
punish	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
punishments	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
punitive	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
pupienus	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
purchase	3	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
purchaser	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
purchases	1	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
purchasing	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
pure	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
purely	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
puritan	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
purity	3	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
purpl	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
purported	4	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
purpose	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
purposely	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
purposes	5	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
pursued	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
pursuing	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
pushkin	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
put	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
px	9	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
pylon	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
pyramid	3	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
pyramids	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
pyrenees	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
pyrum	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
pyxis	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
qantir	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
qar	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
qatar	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
qianlong	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
qin	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
qing	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
quadriplegic	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
quaker	2	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
qualified	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
quality	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
quantities	6	false	Coin - Wikipedia
quantity	5	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
quarrying	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
quarter	5	false	George III - Wikipedia
quarterly	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
quebec	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
queen	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
queens	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
quell	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
question	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
questions	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
quid	1	false	Unit of account - Wikipedia
quoting	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
r	6	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
racket	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
racketeering	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
racketeers	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
rackets	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
radio	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
raged	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
rags	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
raided	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
raiders	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
rail	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
railroads	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
rainbow	1	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
raised	4	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
raj	3	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
raja	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
rajmohuree	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
rally	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
ram	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
ramesses	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
rampant	2	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
ran	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
rang	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
range	6	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
ranges	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
rank	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
ranked	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
ranks	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
ransom	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
ransoms	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
ransomware	10	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
rao	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
rapid	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
rapidly	2	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
rare	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
rarely	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
rate	15	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
rates	7	false	Property - Wikipedia
rather	5	false	Parliament of Great Britain - Wikipedia
ratification	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
ratified	6	false	Euro - Wikipedia
ratio	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
raw	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
rayn	2	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
rd	3	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
rdoba	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
re	3	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
reach	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
reached	5	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
reaches	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
reaction	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
read	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
reads	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
real	4	false	Coin - Wikipedia
reales	2	false	New World - Wikipedia
realization	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
realm	3	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
rear	1	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
reasons	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
reaume	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
rebellion	4	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
rebellions	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
receding	1	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
receipt	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
receipts	5	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
receive	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
received	6	false	George III - Wikipedia
receives	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
recent	10	false	Boston - Wikipedia
recently	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
recipients	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
reciprocal	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
reclamation	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
recognised	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
recognising	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
recognition	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
recognize	6	false	History of China - Wikipedia
recognized	5	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
recommendations	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
reconstruction	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
record	4	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
recorded	4	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
recording	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
records	8	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
recovered	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
recovering	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
recovery	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
recruiting	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
rect	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
rectangular	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
recurrent	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
recurring	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
red	15	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
redeem	9	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
redeemed	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
redefine	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
redemption	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
redevelopment	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
rediscovered	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
reduce	3	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
reduced	3	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
reduction	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
reed	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
rees	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
refer	8	false	Elam - Wikipedia
reference	6	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
references	2	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
referred	6	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
referring	3	false	Property - Wikipedia
refers	4	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
refined	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
refinement	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
refining	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
reflected	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
reflecting	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
reformed	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
reforms	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
refugees	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
refuse	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
refused	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
regained	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
regard	3	false	Property - Wikipedia
regarded	5	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
regarding	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
regardless	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
regency	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
regent	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
regime	3	false	Government - Wikipedia
regimes	3	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
region	29	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
regional	8	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
regions	12	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
regnant	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
regular	3	false	Tax - Wikipedia
regulate	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
regulated	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
regulating	2	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
regulation	4	false	Bank - Wikipedia
regulations	4	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
regulators	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
regulatory	3	false	Bank - Wikipedia
reign	5	false	George III - Wikipedia
reigned	6	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
reigning	3	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
reject	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
rejected	4	false	George III - Wikipedia
relapse	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
related	4	false	Property - Wikipedia
relation	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
relations	7	false	Property - Wikipedia
relationship	3	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
relationships	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
relative	8	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
relatively	4	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
released	3	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
reliant	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
relied	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
relief	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
reliefs	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
religion	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
religious	7	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
religiously	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
remain	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
remained	7	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
remaining	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
remains	7	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
remarked	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
remembered	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
remnants	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
removal	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
remove	2	false	Currency in circulation - Wikipedia
removed	2	false	Bank - Wikipedia
renaissance	1	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
renamed	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
renaming	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
rendered	3	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
rendition	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
renminbi	6	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
renovation	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
renowned	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
rent	2	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
reorganizations	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
repayment	6	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
repeal	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
repealed	6	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
replaced	10	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
replacement	5	false	Euro - Wikipedia
replacing	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
report	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
reports	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
represent	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
representation	7	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
representative	14	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
representatives	8	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
represented	3	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
representing	8	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
represents	5	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
republic	13	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
republicanism	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
republics	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
require	3	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
required	16	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
requirement	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
requirements	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
requires	2	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
requiring	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
rescinded	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
research	8	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
researchers	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
resembles	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
resentment	1	false	Currency in circulation - Wikipedia
reserve	28	false	Currency - Wikipedia
reserves	2	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
residence	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
residences	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
resident	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
residential	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
residents	7	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
resigning	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
resin	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
resistance	6	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
resolution	3	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
resolve	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
resolving	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
resource	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
resources	6	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
respect	2	false	Currency - Wikipedia
respective	3	false	Coin - Wikipedia
respectively	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
respiratory	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
responded	4	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
response	4	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
responsible	4	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
responsiveness	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
rest	3	false	Property - Wikipedia
restatement	1	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
restoration	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
restored	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
restoring	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
restraints	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
restrict	2	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
restricted	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
restrictions	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
restricts	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
rests	1	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
result	7	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
resulted	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
resulting	6	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
results	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
resumption	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
retail	1	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
retain	1	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
retained	5	false	Crete - Wikipedia
retaining	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
rethymno	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
retreating	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
retrieval	1	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
retrieved	2	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
return	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
returning	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
returns	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
rev	3	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
revelation	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
revenue	12	false	Tax - Wikipedia
revenues	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
reverberatory	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
revere	3	false	Coin - Wikipedia
reverse	9	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
reversing	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
revised	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
revision	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
revival	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
revolut	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
revolution	27	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
revolutionaries	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
revolutionary	12	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
reward	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
rex	3	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
rgensen	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
rhetoric	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
rhinoceros	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
rhode	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
rich	7	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
richard	5	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
richest	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
richmond	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
right	25	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
rights	18	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
rin	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
rise	3	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
rishi	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
rising	1	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
risk	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
ritual	3	false	Crete - Wikipedia
riv	3	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
rivaled	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
rivalry	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
river	20	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
rivers	2	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
rmb	3	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
road	3	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
roads	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
robbery	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
rock	2	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
rockingham	3	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
rod	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
role	10	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
roles	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
rolling	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
roman	17	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
romanesque	1	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
romanized	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
romans	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
rome	5	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
roof	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
roofing	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
room	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
roots	5	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
rose	2	false	Bank - Wikipedia
rothschilds	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
roug	2	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
roughly	3	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
round	8	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
routes	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
routinely	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
row	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
rowhouses	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
roy	1	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
royal	19	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
royaulme	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
royaume	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
rudra	2	false	Harz - Wikipedia
rugged	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
ruins	5	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
rule	13	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
ruled	16	false	Coin - Wikipedia
ruler	10	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
rulers	4	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
rules	5	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
ruling	3	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
running	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
runs	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
rupee	6	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
rural	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
russian	2	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
s	244	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
sa	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
sacred	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
safavid	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
safe	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
safeguard	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
safeguarded	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
safekeeping	4	false	Currency - Wikipedia
safety	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
sahara	1	false	Debasement - Wikipedia
said	4	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
sailed	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
sailing	3	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
saint	4	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
salamis	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
sale	6	false	Tax - Wikipedia
sales	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
salic	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
salisuka	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
salman	1	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
salt	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
saltpetre	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
salts	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
salvador	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
samari	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
samaria	2	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
same	12	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
samples	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
samudragupta	1	false	Committees of correspondence - Wikipedia
samuel	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
san	4	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
sanctions	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
sanctuaries	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
sandstone	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
sanskrit	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
saqqarah	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
saratoga	3	false	Crete - Wikipedia
sardinia	2	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
sardis	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
sargon	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
saronic	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
sarzec	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
sasanian	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
sash	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
sassanian	5	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
sassanid	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
sat	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
satellite	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
satisfactory	6	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
satoshi	1	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
satrapy	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
saudi	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
saunders	1	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
saved	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
savings	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
saw	6	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
sawai	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
saxe	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
saxoni	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
saxony	4	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
sayaji	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
sayan	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
sb	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
scale	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
scales	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
scalloped	2	false	Currency - Wikipedia
scams	3	false	Economy - Wikipedia
scarce	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
scattered	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
scene	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
sceneri	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
scenes	3	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
schedule	4	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
schemes	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
schenectady	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
scholar	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
scholars	4	false	Boston - Wikipedia
school	6	false	History of China - Wikipedia
science	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
sciences	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
scientific	5	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
scientist	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
scipio	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
scotia	1	false	Parliament of Great Britain - Wikipedia
scotland	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
scribes	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
scrimshawed	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
script	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
scrub	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
scrutiny	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
sculptur	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
sculptures	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
sea	29	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
seafaring	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
seal	12	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
seals	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
seaport	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
seasonal	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
seat	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
seated	3	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
seats	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
second	28	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
secretary	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
section	3	false	Tax - Wikipedia
sector	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
sectors	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
sects	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
secular	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
secure	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
secured	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
securing	3	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
securities	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
security	7	false	History of China - Wikipedia
see	8	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
seem	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
seen	16	false	Property - Wikipedia
sees	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
seized	3	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
select	1	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
selects	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
seleucid	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
seleucus	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
seleukos	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
self	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
sell	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
sellers	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
selling	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
semitic	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
semy	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
sen	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
senate	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
senator	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
seneg	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
senegal	2	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
senior	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
sense	9	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
senses	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
sent	5	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
sentenced	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
sentences	1	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
sentiment	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
sentiments	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
sentry	1	false	Parliament of Great Britain - Wikipedia
separate	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
separated	4	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
separating	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
sepia	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
september	5	false	Coin - Wikipedia
sequin	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
sericulture	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
series	9	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
serious	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
servanda	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
serve	8	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
served	14	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
servers	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
serves	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
service	10	false	Tax - Wikipedia
services	13	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
serving	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
sestertius	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
set	9	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
setback	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
settee	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
setting	4	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
settled	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
settlement	3	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
settlements	4	false	Boston - Wikipedia
settlers	1	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
seven	5	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
seventh	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
several	17	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
severe	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
sfakia	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
sh	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
shaded	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
shah	3	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
shakedown	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
shakya	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
shamagan	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
shan	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
shanghai	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
shape	5	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
shaped	3	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
share	4	false	Elam - Wikipedia
shared	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
shareholders	2	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
sharp	3	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
shatamana	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
shaven	4	false	Boston - Wikipedia
shawmut	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
sheet	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
shek	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
shell	4	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
shells	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
shelter	3	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
shenzhen	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
shepherd	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
shi	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
shia	1	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
shield	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
shifted	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
shifting	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
shifts	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
ship	4	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
shipment	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
ships	4	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
shipwrecks	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
shirt	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
shoes	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
shook	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
shopkeepers	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
shops	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
shore	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
short	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
shorter	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
shortly	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
shot	1	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
should	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
shoulders	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
show	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
showing	6	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
shown	5	false	Elam - Wikipedia
shows	10	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
shrank	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
shredded	12	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
shreds	8	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
shuruppak	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
si	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
sicily	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
side	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
sides	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
siege	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
siena	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
sierra	2	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
sign	7	false	Boston - Wikipedia
signal	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
signed	8	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
signer	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
significant	12	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
significantly	3	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
signify	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
signing	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
silk	3	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
silos	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
silver	51	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
simha	1	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
similar	7	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
similarity	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
similarly	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
simple	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
simplest	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
simply	10	false	Bank - Wikipedia
simultaneously	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
sin	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
since	39	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
sindh	2	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
singapore	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
singha	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
single	11	false	History of China - Wikipedia
sinicized	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
sir	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
sister	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
sit	3	false	Elam - Wikipedia
site	9	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
sites	9	false	Government - Wikipedia
sitting	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
situated	6	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
situation	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
situations	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
six	3	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
sixfold	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
sixteen	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
sixteenth	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
sixth	4	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
sizable	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
size	10	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
sizes	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
skew	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
ski	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
skin	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
sky	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
skyline	7	false	New York City - Wikipedia
skyscrapers	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
slabs	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
slag	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
slave	5	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
slavery	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
slaves	2	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
slaying	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
sleds	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
sleeps	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
sleeve	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
slightly	3	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
slogan	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
slopes	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
slow	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
slowly	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
small	14	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
smaller	4	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
smallest	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
smelted	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
smelting	3	false	Barter - Wikipedia
smith	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
smuggled	3	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
smugglers	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
snake	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
snowballs	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
snowfall	3	false	New York City - Wikipedia
snowy	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
so	6	false	Money - Wikipedia
social	9	false	Tax - Wikipedia
societal	4	false	History of China - Wikipedia
societies	5	false	Barter - Wikipedia
society	10	false	Money - Wikipedia
socio	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
sociology	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
soft	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
software	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
solar	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
soldier	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
soldiers	9	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
solely	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
some	57	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
somebody	1	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
something	12	false	Manilla (money) - Wikipedia
sometimes	14	false	George III - Wikipedia
son	4	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
song	6	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
sons	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
soon	5	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
sophistication	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
sorts	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
sought	8	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
soul	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
source	10	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
sources	3	false	Elam - Wikipedia
sousi	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
south	24	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
southeast	5	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
southeastern	3	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
southern	13	false	Crete - Wikipedia
southernmost	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
southward	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
southwest	3	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
southwestern	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
souvenir	4	false	Coin - Wikipedia
sovereign	10	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
sovereignty	3	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
sozopol	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
spac	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
space	2	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
spain	5	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
spam	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
span	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
spaniels	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
spanish	14	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
spanning	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
spans	2	false	Lydia - Wikipedia
sparda	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
spare	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
spatially	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
speaking	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
spearheaded	1	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
special	3	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
specialists	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
specialized	2	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
specialty	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
specie	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
species	2	false	Currency - Wikipedia
specific	5	false	Property - Wikipedia
specifically	5	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
specified	4	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
specify	2	false	Copper - Wikipedia
spectral	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
speculation	3	false	Jurisdiction - Wikipedia
speech	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
speeches	1	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
spelled	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
spelling	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
spending	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
spent	3	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
sperm	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
sphere	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
sphinx	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
spices	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
spiral	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
spire	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
spires	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
spiritual	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
split	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
spoke	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
spoken	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
sponsored	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
sports	8	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
spot	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
sprawl	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
spread	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
spring	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
springs	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
spurred	4	false	George III - Wikipedia
spy	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
sq	4	false	New York City - Wikipedia
squar	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
square	6	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
sr	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
st	10	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
stability	5	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
stabilize	1	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
stable	3	false	Albany Congress - Wikipedia
stadt	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
staff	3	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
stage	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
staged	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
stags	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
stake	2	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
stakers	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
stamp	21	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
stamped	5	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
stand	2	false	Government - Wikipedia
standalone	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
standard	11	false	Currency - Wikipedia
standardization	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
standardized	4	false	Bank - Wikipedia
standards	2	false	Currency - Wikipedia
standing	2	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
stands	3	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
stanley	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
star	2	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
starmer	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
started	4	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
starting	6	false	Boston - Wikipedia
startup	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
state	37	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
stated	2	false	Government - Wikipedia
statement	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
staten	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
states	73	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
statesman	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
station	8	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
stationed	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
stations	3	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
statistica	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
statistical	8	false	New York City - Wikipedia
statue	4	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
statuette	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
status	10	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
statute	2	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
statutory	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
steam	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
steel	3	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
steeples	2	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
steiner	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
stele	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
stems	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
stepped	2	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
steps	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
sterling	12	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
sticks	1	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
still	6	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
stipulated	20	false	Crete - Wikipedia
stivania	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
stock	11	false	George III - Wikipedia
stockings	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
stocks	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
stolen	4	false	New York City - Wikipedia
stone	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
stones	2	false	Croesus - Wikipedia
stood	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
storage	2	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
store	8	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
stored	4	false	Coin - Wikipedia
stores	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
stories	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
story	7	false	History of China - Wikipedia
storytelling	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
stove	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
straddling	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
strain	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
strata	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
strategic	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
stratification	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
stream	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
street	23	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
streets	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
strelitz	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
stretched	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
stretching	2	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
strict	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
strides	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
striding	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
stringed	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
stringent	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
stripes	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
strong	4	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
strongest	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
stronghold	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
strongly	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
strovolo	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
struck	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
structure	5	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
structured	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
structures	4	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
struggled	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
struggles	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
struggling	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
stucco	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
studded	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
students	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
studies	3	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
study	5	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
studying	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
styl	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
style	12	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
styled	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
stylised	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
stylized	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
su	3	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
sub	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
subcontinent	2	false	Bank - Wikipedia
subject	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
subjects	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
subsequent	10	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
subsequently	5	false	Government - Wikipedia
subsidiary	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
substance	10	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
substantial	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
subunits	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
suburbanization	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
suburbs	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
subway	4	false	George III - Wikipedia
succeeded	4	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
success	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
successful	4	false	Currency - Wikipedia
successfully	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
succession	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
successive	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
successively	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
successor	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
such	79	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
sudden	3	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
suffered	2	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
suffering	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
sufficient	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
sugar	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
suggest	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
suggested	5	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
suggesting	2	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
suggests	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
sui	4	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
suicide	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
suit	2	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
suitable	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
sulfide	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
sultanate	2	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
sumer	4	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
sumerian	8	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
sumerians	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
summer	2	false	Harz - Wikipedia
summit	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
summits	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
sun	3	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
sunak	3	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
sunni	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
sunny	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
sunt	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
supe	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
super	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
superpower	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
superseded	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
supervisory	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
supplies	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
supply	7	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
support	4	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
supported	3	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
supporting	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
supports	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
supposed	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
suppress	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
suppressed	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
supremacy	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
supreme	5	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
surasena	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
surashtra	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
surface	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
surmounted	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
surpassed	3	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
surplus	4	false	Crete - Wikipedia
surround	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
surrounded	10	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
surrounding	6	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
surroundings	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
surveillance	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
survey	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
surveying	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
survive	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
survived	2	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
survives	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
surviving	4	false	Elam - Wikipedia
susa	12	false	Elam - Wikipedia
susiana	1	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
suspend	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
sustainability	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
swaps	1	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
swastika	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
sweden	4	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
switched	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
symbol	11	false	Coin - Wikipedia
symbolic	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
symbolically	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
symbolized	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
symbols	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
symmetric	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
sympathetic	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
synonymous	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
synthetically	1	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
syracuse	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
syria	5	false	Barter - Wikipedia
system	40	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
systematically	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
systems	15	false	Crete - Wikipedia
t	5	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
ta	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
table	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
tablet	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
tablets	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
tagua	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
taharqa	2	false	Coin - Wikipedia
tails	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
taiwan	3	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
take	4	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
taken	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
takes	1	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
taking	2	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
takshashila	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
taksim	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
talent	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
tall	9	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
taller	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
tallest	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
tambourine	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
tan	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
tang	25	false	Property - Wikipedia
tangible	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
tank	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
tanks	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
taoism	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
tariffs	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
tarim	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
tat	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
tax	53	true	Income tax - Wikipedia
taxable	5	false	Tax - Wikipedia
taxation	21	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
taxed	10	false	Tax - Wikipedia
taxes	27	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
taxila	4	false	New York City - Wikipedia
taxis	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
taxpayer	2	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
taxpayers	7	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
tea	27	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
teams	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
tech	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
technique	2	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
techniques	2	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
technological	3	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
technology	14	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
teeth	7	false	Elam - Wikipedia
tell	4	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
telloh	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
temnos	3	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
temperature	2	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
temperatures	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
temple	4	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
temples	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
temporal	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
temporally	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
temporarily	3	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
temporary	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
ten	4	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
tender	42	true	Legal tender - Wikipedia
tendered	4	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
tendering	2	false	Currency in circulation - Wikipedia
tends	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
tense	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
tensions	5	false	New York City - Wikipedia
tenth	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
term	23	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
terminating	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
terminus	1	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
terms	11	false	New World - Wikipedia
terra	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
terrain	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
terrestrial	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
territorial	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
territories	7	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
territory	7	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
terror	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
terrorism	15	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
terrorist	3	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
testimony	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
testing	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
tetradrachm	7	false	Coin - Wikipedia
text	5	false	History of China - Wikipedia
texts	5	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
th	80	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
thailand	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
thaler	2	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
tham	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
than	46	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
that	191	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
the	2935	false	New York City - Wikipedia
theater	2	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
theft	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
their	80	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
them	24	false	Coin - Wikipedia
themistocles	4	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
themselves	7	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
then	14	false	Government - Wikipedia
theocracy	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
theodoros	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
theories	3	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
theory	3	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
there	19	false	History of China - Wikipedia
thereafter	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
thereby	3	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
therefore	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
therein	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
thereof	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
thermal	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
thermocouples	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
these	26	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
they	61	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
thicket	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
thing	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
things	4	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
third	10	false	Committees of correspondence - Wikipedia
thirteen	13	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
thirty	1	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
this	60	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
thomas	7	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
thomsen	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
those	9	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
though	7	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
thought	3	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
thousands	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
thread	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
threat	4	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
threatened	3	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
threats	3	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
three	29	false	George III - Wikipedia
throne	3	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
through	31	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
throughout	8	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
throwing	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
thuringia	1	false	New World - Wikipedia
thus	12	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
thutmose	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
ti	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
tian	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
tierced	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
ties	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
tight	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
tigris	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
timber	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
timberwolves	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
time	34	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
timely	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
times	13	false	Government - Wikipedia
timocracy	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
tin	6	false	New York City - Wikipedia
tip	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
tiryn	2	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
tiryns	6	false	Property - Wikipedia
title	5	false	Coin - Wikipedia
titus	2	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
to	632	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
tobago	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
today	8	false	History of China - Wikipedia
together	6	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
toggles	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
togo	2	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
token	5	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
tokens	5	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
tokugawa	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
tomato	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
tomb	2	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
ton	1	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
tons	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
too	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
took	7	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
tool	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
top	13	false	Tax - Wikipedia
topic	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
topped	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
tories	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
total	9	false	History of China - Wikipedia
totaling	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
totalitarian	1	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
totalled	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
totalling	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
tourism	2	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
tourist	3	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
tourists	5	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
toward	2	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
towards	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
tower	8	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
towers	3	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
town	5	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
towns	5	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
townshend	12	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
trace	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
traced	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
traces	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
tracing	1	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
track	2	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
trade	27	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
traded	15	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
trader	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
traders	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
trades	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
trading	14	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
tradition	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
traditional	6	false	History of China - Wikipedia
traditionally	3	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
trafficking	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
train	6	false	Crete - Wikipedia
traits	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
trampled	1	false	Economy - Wikipedia
transacted	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
transaction	6	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
transactions	21	false	George III - Wikipedia
transatlantic	1	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
transfer	3	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
transferred	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
transfers	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
transforming	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
transit	2	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
transition	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
translates	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
transliteration	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
transport	4	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
transportable	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
transportation	3	false	Elam - Wikipedia
trapezium	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
traveled	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
travelers	6	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
travels	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
treasure	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
treasury	6	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
treat	2	false	Currency - Wikipedia
treated	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
treaties	14	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
treatments	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
treaty	9	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
tree	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
trees	6	false	Coin - Wikipedia
tremissis	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
tremont	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
tressure	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
triada	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
triangles	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
tribes	3	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
tribute	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
tricked	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
tricking	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
tried	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
triennial	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
trillion	11	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
trim	2	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
trinidad	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
tristan	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
triumph	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
trojan	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
troops	8	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
tropical	2	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
troubled	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
troubles	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
trout	1	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
troy	8	false	New York City - Wikipedia
truck	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
true	2	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
trust	2	false	Harz - Wikipedia
ts	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
ttel	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
tucked	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
tulips	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
turbinella	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
turkey	10	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
turkish	11	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
turn	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
turned	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
turquoise	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
tusk	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
tusks	6	false	Elam - Wikipedia
tutankhamun	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
twelve	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
twentieth	1	false	Albany Plan - Wikipedia
twenty	1	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
twice	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
two	49	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
type	20	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
types	19	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
typical	6	false	Eastern Mediterranean - Wikipedia
typically	10	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
typified	1	false	Government - Wikipedia
tyranny	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
tyrant	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
u	27	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
udayaditya	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
uk	5	false	Euro - Wikipedia
ukraine	2	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
ultimate	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
ultimately	4	false	New York City - Wikipedia
ultra	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
uluburun	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
umayyad	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
umbrella	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
umma	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
unambiguous	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
unanimous	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
unanimously	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
unavailable	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
unbacked	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
unbroken	1	false	Digital currency - Wikipedia
unclassical	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
unconditional	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
under	41	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
undercut	1	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
undergoing	1	false	Committees of correspondence - Wikipedia
underground	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
underlay	1	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
underlying	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
undermined	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
undervalued	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
underwent	2	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
undocumented	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
unenforceable	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
unequal	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
unequally	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
unesco	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
unfair	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
unfairly	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
unfit	4	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
unfounded	1	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
unidentified	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
unification	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
unified	5	false	History of China - Wikipedia
unifying	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
unilateral	1	false	Euro - Wikipedia
unilaterally	1	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
union	15	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
unique	2	false	New York City - Wikipedia
unisphere	1	false	Numismatics - Wikipedia
unit	13	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
united	84	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
units	7	false	History of China - Wikipedia
unity	4	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
universal	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
universities	4	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
university	9	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
unknown	5	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
unlawfully	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
unless	1	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
unlike	4	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
unlikely	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
unlocked	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
unpleasant	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
unpopular	3	false	Property - Wikipedia
unqualified	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
unrelated	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
unseen	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
unspecified	1	false	Barter - Wikipedia
unstable	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
unsuccessfully	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
until	28	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
up	14	false	New York City - Wikipedia
update	9	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
uphold	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
upon	3	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
upper	2	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
upward	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
ur	4	false	Copper - Wikipedia
uralelektromed	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
urban	11	false	Mahajanapadas - Wikipedia
urbanisation	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
urbanization	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
uruk	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
us	44	false	Copper - Wikipedia
usable	1	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
usage	2	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
usd	2	false	Barter - Wikipedia
use	46	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
used	88	false	Store of value - Wikipedia
useful	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
user	6	false	Currency - Wikipedia
users	2	false	Currency - Wikipedia
uses	4	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
ushering	3	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
using	9	false	Barter - Wikipedia
usual	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
usually	32	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
usury	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
utbah	1	false	Price revolution - Wikipedia
v	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
valid	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
validators	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
valley	17	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
valleys	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
valois	1	false	Property - Wikipedia
valuable	2	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
valuation	2	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
value	96	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
valued	5	false	Economy - Wikipedia
values	10	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
vandalism	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
vandeyk	2	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
var	1	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
varied	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
variety	7	false	Commodity money - Wikipedia
various	16	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
variously	2	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
vary	5	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
varying	3	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
vase	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
vassals	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
vastly	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
vectorial	1	false	Central bank - Wikipedia
vedder	1	false	Fertile Crescent - Wikipedia
vegetation	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
veined	1	false	Legal tender - Wikipedia
vending	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
vendor	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
venetian	6	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
venetians	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
ventris	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
venture	2	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
verbally	2	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
verd	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
verde	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
verdigris	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
verdun	1	false	Money - Wikipedia
verifiable	2	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
verification	1	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
verified	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
verify	1	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
verifying	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
vers	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
version	1	false	Copper - Wikipedia
vertebrates	1	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
vertical	3	false	Barter - Wikipedia
very	12	false	Coin - Wikipedia
vespasian	2	false	New World - Wikipedia
vespucci	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
vessel	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
vessels	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
vested	2	false	East India Company - Wikipedia
vestigial	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
veteran	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
via	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
viable	1	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
victim	3	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
victims	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
victoria	2	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
victorious	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
victory	8	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
vidarbha	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
vienna	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
vietnam	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
view	8	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
viewed	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
viewing	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
vii	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
village	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
vines	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
violates	1	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
violating	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
violation	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
violence	7	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
violent	7	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
virgin	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
virginia	2	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
virtual	5	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
virtually	2	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
virtue	1	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
viscount	1	false	Coinage of India - Wikipedia
vishnu	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
visible	4	false	New York City - Wikipedia
visited	4	false	New York City - Wikipedia
visitors	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
vital	3	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
vocabulary	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
volcanic	2	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
volume	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
volumes	1	false	Internet fraud - Wikipedia
voluntarily	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
volunteers	1	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
vote	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
vraka	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
vs	2	false	Crete - Wikipedia
vulgaris	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
vultures	1	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
wac	1	false	New York City - Wikipedia
waiting	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
wal	1	false	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
wales	7	false	History of China - Wikipedia
wall	3	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
walls	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
walrus	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
wang	1	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
waning	2	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
wannacry	1	false	Crete - Wikipedia
wanted	1	false	Medium of exchange - Wikipedia
wants	1	false	Treaty - Wikipedia
war	35	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
warehouse	1	false	Tea Act - Wikipedia
warehouses	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
warfare	4	false	History of China - Wikipedia
wars	8	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
warsaw	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
warships	2	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
warthog	1	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
wartime	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
was	243	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
washington	6	false	Boston - Wikipedia
water	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
watercolor	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
waterloo	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
watershed	2	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
watson	2	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
waves	1	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
way	5	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
ways	6	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
weakened	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
weaker	1	false	Tax - Wikipedia
wealth	4	false	History of China - Wikipedia
wealthy	3	false	George III - Wikipedia
wear	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
wearing	10	false	Crete - Wikipedia
wears	1	false	Boston - Wikipedia
weather	1	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
weekends	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
wei	1	false	Archimedes' principle - Wikipedia
weight	8	false	History of China - Wikipedia
weights	2	false	Tax - Wikipedia
welfare	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
well	24	false	Cyprus - Wikipedia
wells	1	false	Bank - Wikipedia
welsers	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
went	3	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
wentworth	2	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
were	105	false	Late Bronze Age collapse - Wikipedia
west	28	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
western	16	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
westernmost	1	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
westminster	4	false	Gold reserve - Wikipedia
wgc	1	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
whale	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
wharf	1	false	Townshend Acts - Wikipedia
wharves	1	false	Currency - Wikipedia
what	7	false	Stamp Act 1765 - Wikipedia
whatsoever	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
wheel	5	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
when	40	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
where	14	false	Bank - Wikipedia
whereas	2	false	Property - Wikipedia
whereby	3	false	Currency - Wikipedia
whether	6	false	Fineness - Wikipedia
which	156	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
whig	2	false	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham - Wikipedia
whigs	3	false	Parliament of the United Kingdom - Wikipedia
while	34	false	Tax - Wikipedia
whilst	1	false	Elam - Wikipedia
white	24	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
who	31	false	George III - Wikipedia
whole	1	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
wholesalers	4	false	History of China - Wikipedia
wholly	3	false	Bahrain - Wikipedia
whom	4	false	Stamp Act Congress - Wikipedia
whose	9	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
wide	5	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
widely	12	false	Money laundering - Wikipedia
wider	2	false	List of currencies in Africa - Wikipedia
widespread	10	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
width	5	false	History of China - Wikipedia
wield	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
wig	4	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
wilhelm	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
will	10	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
william	8	false	Property - Wikipedia
wills	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
windows	5	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
winds	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
windward	2	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
wing	2	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
wings	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
winter	2	false	Boston - Wikipedia
winters	1	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
wissahickon	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
with	272	false	Coin - Wikipedia
withdraw	3	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
withdrawal	1	false	Income tax - Wikipedia
withhold	1	false	Harz - Wikipedia
within	18	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
without	15	false	Mycenae - Wikipedia
witness	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
witnesses	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
wolfenb	2	false	Elam - Wikipedia
woman	3	false	Elam - Wikipedia
women	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
wood	4	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
woodblock	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
wooded	1	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
wooden	2	false	Fiat money - Wikipedia
woods	6	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
word	7	false	Sea Peoples - Wikipedia
words	6	false	Cryptocurrency - Wikipedia
work	3	false	Ivory - Wikipedia
workers	1	false	Internal Revenue Service - Wikipedia
workforce	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
working	3	false	Foreign exchange market - Wikipedia
works	5	false	United States dollar - Wikipedia
world	74	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
worldwide	5	false	Ransomware - Wikipedia
worm	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
worn	2	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
worried	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
worship	1	false	Coin - Wikipedia
worth	5	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
would	8	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
wounded	1	false	Boston Massacre - Wikipedia
wounds	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
wrapped	1	false	George III - Wikipedia
wreath	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
write	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
writer	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
writers	1	false	Bronze Age - Wikipedia
writing	11	false	Declaration of Rights and Grievances - Wikipedia
written	14	false	Terrorism - Wikipedia
wrong	1	false	Representative money - Wikipedia
wrote	4	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
wten	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
wu	3	false	Harz - Wikipedia
wurmberg	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
wuzong	1	false	Sumer - Wikipedia
x	4	false	Bitcoin - Wikipedia
xbt	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
xi	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
xia	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
xian	2	false	History of China - Wikipedia
xiaoping	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
xinhai	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
xiny	1	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
xiv	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
xuan	1	false	Oxhide ingot - Wikipedia
y	1	false	Benjamin Franklin - Wikipedia
yale	1	false	West Africa - Wikipedia
yamoussoukro	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
yangtze	3	false	History of China - Wikipedia
yat	1	false	Minoan civilization - Wikipedia
year	14	false	George III - Wikipedia
years	23	false	History of China - Wikipedia
yellow	7	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
yellowed	1	false	Pound sterling - Wikipedia
yen	17	false	Kingdom of France - Wikipedia
yet	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
yixian	1	false	Ancient Egypt - Wikipedia
york	67	false	American Revolution - Wikipedia
yorktown	1	false	Extortion - Wikipedia
you	2	false	George III - Wikipedia
young	4	false	Banknote - Wikipedia
yuan	7	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
z	1	false	Dollar - Wikipedia
zealand	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
zedong	1	false	Japanese yen - Wikipedia
zero	2	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
zetian	2	false	Digital renminbi - Wikipedia
zh	1	false	Tang dynasty - Wikipedia
zhang	1	false	History of China - Wikipedia
zhou	3	false	Elam - Wikipedia
zi	1	false	Mesopotamia - Wikipedia
ziggurat	3	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
zone	2	false	Albany, New York - Wikipedia
zones	2	false	Philadelphia - Wikipedia
zoo	3	false	undefined
